charity: water | Help Bring Clean and Safe Water to Communities Bring clean and safe water to every person on the planet GIVE TODAY Other Ways to Give Donate by Check Make checks payable to charity: water. If you're donating in honor of someone, sponsoring a water project or want to direct your donation to our operating costs, please write that in the memo of your check. Unfortunately, we cannot accept donations to The Spring via check. Tax receipts will be mailed within four to six weeks after the donation has been processed. International Giving charity: water is a registered charity in the UK. To make a tax-efficient donation in GBP, visit charitywateruk.org . For other international donations, we accept bank issued money orders in USD. Money orders should be made payable to charity: water and can be mailed to the address below. For donations over $6,000, we also accept wire transfers; email info@charitywater.org for more information. Please note, only donations made by eligible US taxpayers may be tax-deductible. Donate Stock We're able to accept donations in the form of stock, government (including municipal) debt and corporate debt through the Depository Trust Company (DTC). For security, settlement and reduced paperwork, electronic transfer through the DTC is preferred. This can be arranged from most brokerage accounts. Unfortunately, we cannot accept donations to The Spring via stock. Please contact info@charitywater.org for more information on making a stock donation. charity: water Donation Processing Center, 230 Franklin Rd., Ste. 11-II Franklin, TN 37064 EIN: 22-3936753 charity: water is a 501 (c)(3) Other Ways to Give Donate by Check Make checks payable to charity: water. If you're donating in honor of someone, sponsoring a water project or want to direct your donation to our operating costs, please write that in the memo of your check. Unfortunately, we cannot accept donations to The Spring via check. Tax receipts will be mailed within four to six weeks after the donation has been processed. International Giving charity: water is a registered charity in the UK. To make a tax-efficient donation in GBP, visit charitywateruk.org . For other international donations, we accept bank issued money orders in USD. Money orders should be made payable to charity: water and can be mailed to the address below. For donations over $6,000, we also accept wire transfers; email info@charitywater.org for more information. Please note, only donations made by eligible US taxpayers may be tax-deductible. Donate Stock We're able to accept donations in the form of stock, government (including municipal) debt and corporate debt through the Depository Trust Company (DTC). For security, settlement and reduced paperwork, electronic transfer through the DTC is preferred. This can be arranged from most brokerage accounts. Unfortunately, we cannot accept donations to The Spring via stock. Please contact info@charitywater.org for more information on making a stock donation. charity: water Donation Processing Center, 230 Franklin Rd., Ste. 11-II Franklin, TN 37064 EIN: 22-3936753 charity: water is a 501 (c)(3) people served This number represents the total number of people who will gain access to clean water as reported by our implementing partners. This number is dynamic and updates as we receive new information from our partners in the field. water projects funded This number represents all water projects funded by charity: water, including completed projects and those under construction. This number is dynamic and updates as we receive new information from our partners in the field. countries This number includes all countries where we have funded projects. why water? Because clean water changes everything Health Education Women Economic Growth Access to clean water and basic sanitation can save around 16,000 lives every week. Learn about lives changed 703 million people lack basic access to clean and safe drinking water Our work to end the water crisis needs your support. You can help provide education, income, dignity, and health — especially for women and children. Other Ways to Give Donate by Check Make checks payable to charity: water. If you're donating in honor of someone, sponsoring a water project or want to direct your donation to our operating costs, please write that in the memo of your check. Unfortunately, we cannot accept donations to The Spring via check. Tax receipts will be mailed within four to six weeks after the donation has been processed. International Giving charity: water is a registered charity in the UK. To make a tax-efficient donation in GBP, visit charitywateruk.org . For other international donations, we accept bank issued money orders in USD. Money orders should be made payable to charity: water and can be mailed to the address below. For donations over $6,000, we also accept wire transfers; email info@charitywater.org for more information. Please note, only donations made by eligible US taxpayers may be tax-deductible. Donate Stock We're able to accept donations in the form of stock, government (including municipal) debt and corporate debt through the Depository Trust Company (DTC). For security, settlement and reduced paperwork, electronic transfer through the DTC is preferred. This can be arranged from most brokerage accounts. Unfortunately, we cannot accept donations to The Spring via stock. Please contact info@charitywater.org for more information on making a stock donation. charity: water Donation Processing Center, 230 Franklin Rd., Ste. 11-II Franklin, TN 37064 EIN: 22-3936753 charity: water is a 501 (c)(3) Thanks to generous private donors who fund our operational expenses, 100% of your donation directly funds clean water projects. Know that your donation is making a difference charity: water uses 100% of your donation to fund clean water around the world and then proves every single project you fund, complete with GPS coordinates and photos. CHARITY: WATER'S impact to date 186,000 WATER PROJECTS FUNDED 29 countries 20,297,336 people will be served the details This number represents all water projects funded by charity: water, including completed projects and those under construction. This number is dynamic and updates as we receive new information from our partners in the field. the details This number includes all countries where we have funded projects. the details This number represents the total number of people who will gain access to clean water as reported by our implementing partners. This number is dynamic and updates as we receive new information from our partners in the field. Ready to take action? There are lots of great ways to help us end the global water crisis. Take action today, and change lives. Give clean water every month A gift of just $20 a month is enough to bring 6 people — an entire family — clean water each year. Join Today Start a fundraiser Support clean water projects by raising funds for people in need. Get Started Give to a fundraiser Support a fundraiser that captures your heart, and you'll show your support for the fundraiser and clean water projects around the world. Browse Fundraisers Plan for legacy giving Make a lasting gift to help bring clean water to every person on the planet. Learn more Become a brand partner Work closely with our team to develop initiatives with undeniable impact. Partner with us Honor someone special Honor or remember someone special by making a gift in their name. Give Today Join Tiny Heroes Explore how children can make a difference in the lives of kids around the world with the gift of clean water. Get inspired Add Impact To Your Inbox Get our emails to stay in the know. Add Impact To Your Inbox Get our emails to stay in the know. Take Action Give Join the Spring Give to a Fundraiser Give in Someone's Honor Sponsor a community Legacy Giving Get Involved Create an account Fundraise Tiny Heroes Students & Teachers Stream for us Experience Lab Get to know us Our Work 100% Model See Our Financials Meet the founder Careers Connect Contact Us Help center Request a Speaker Brand Partnerships Shop our store Twitter Facebook Instagram Snapchat Youtube Linkedin Privacy policy • Get our emails charity: water is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. 100% of public donations go directly to fund clean water projects. © 2025 | charity: water Donation Processing Center, 230 Franklin Rd., Ste. 11-II, Franklin, TN 37064 | c/o TC Citroen Wells Limited, 5th Floor, 3 Dorset Rise, London EC4Y 8EN | Charity Global, Inc., a US 501 (c)(3) public charity, EIN 22-3936753 and an ANBI in the Netherlands, RSIN 826151656. Charity Global UK Limited is a dual-qualified charity registered in England and Wales, charity number 1169228. Charity Global UK Limited is wholly owned by Charity Global, Inc.