Learn to Code - for Free | Codecademy Skip to Content Loading menu bar Loading menu bar Search Search Develop your /skills Dot Dense Grow in your career and unlock new opportunities by learning in-demand skills in AI, data, coding, cybersecurity, and more. Get started today Checker Dense Or sign up with Checker Dense Google Sign up with Google Checker Dense OR Checker Dense Email address Sign up More ways to sign up Diagonal A Dense Diagonal A Dense Diagonal A Dense Diagonal A Dense Diagonal A Dense Diagonal A Dense Diagonal A Dense Diagonal A Dense Diagonal A Dense Diagonal A Dense Pause animation Pause animation Our learners work at Checker Dense Transform your team with Codecademy Teams training Help everyone on your team build job-ready skills with a plan that offers flexible content assignment, progress tracking, and more.​ Ex Loose Build skills that stand out Top subjects Certification prep Code foundations Python HTML & CSS Data science Professional skills Java Web development Data analytics Interview prep JavaScript Web design Machine learning Computer science C++ Mobile development AI IT C# Game development Cloud computing Cybersecurity Go DevOps Certification prep Top subjects Certification prep Code foundations Python HTML & CSS Data science Professional skills Java Web development Data analytics Load more Looking for something else? Explore the catalog No matter your goal, we have something for you Results will be updated as you type Not sure? Take our quiz to find what's best for you. Take the quiz Top courses Go to the catalog Career path Data Scientist: Machine Learning Specialist Machine Learning Data Scientists solve problems at scale, make predictions, find patterns, and more! They use Python, SQL, and algorithms. Beginner Friendly 95 hours Course Learn Python 3 Learn the basics of Python 3.12, one of the most powerful, versatile, and in-demand programming languages today. Beginner Friendly 23 hours Certification path SY0-701: CompTIA Security+ Master IT security basics and prep for the CompTIA Security+ exam with hands-on learning on threats, cryptography, governance, identity management and more. Intermediate 14 hours Skill path Code Foundations Start your programming journey with an introduction to the world of code and basic concepts. Beginner Friendly 4 hours Go to the catalog Checker Dense Want help figuring out what to learn? Take our quiz to find what's best for you. The experience Designed for progress Dot Loose Turn ambition into action Find guided paths and interactive lessons no matter your skill level Fuel your growth with in-demand subjects like AI, cloud, data, cybersecurity, and more Gain hands-on expertise​ Build portfolio-worthy projects that stand out in a competitive job market Grow in your career with prep for industry certifications from AWS, Microsoft, CompTIA, ISC2, and more Transform your team Ensure you're meeting your unique business needs with flexible content assignment Access an exclusive admin dashboard to easily manage and track team progress Go further together Get help when you need it, build your network, and learn together with access to exclusive events, clubs, study groups, and more in our global learner community The experience Designed for progress Dot Loose Turn ambition into action Find guided paths and interactive lessons no matter your skill level Fuel your growth with in-demand subjects like AI, cloud, data, cybersecurity, and more Gain hands-on expertise​ Build portfolio-worthy projects that stand out in a competitive job market Grow in your career with prep for industry certifications from AWS, Microsoft, CompTIA, ISC2, and more Transform your team Ensure you're meeting your unique business needs with flexible content assignment Access an exclusive admin dashboard to easily manage and track team progress Go further together Get help when you need it, build your network, and learn together with access to exclusive events, clubs, study groups, and more in our global learner community Checker Regular The platform Learn by doing Step by step guidance Self-paced learning doesn't mean you're on your own. Our courses and paths give you helpful guidance every step of the way. Powerful code editor Simplify your setup. With our integrated learning experience, you can write and run code right in your browser. Live code changes Interactive learning helps you better retain information. Test the code you write to practice and perfect new concepts. AI Learning Assistant No need to waste time searching online. Get help working through problems, check solutions, and get error explanations — all without leaving the platform. Checker Regular Real success from real learners With the right skills, anything’s possible. See how real learners are evolving  their careers with Codecademy.​ Diagonal B Dense Quote by Joshua Lange, Research Scientist from Stockholm, Sweden I feel like I’ve gained a valuable skill set that looks great on my CV. You don’t have to change careers; you can make your current job better, more efficient, and make your life easier. Joshua Lange Research Scientist Stockholm, Sweden Diagonal B Dense Quote by Shabana Khatau, Systems and Applications Advisor from London, England I wasted quite a bit of time before learning about Codecademy. Anyone who would come up to me, I would direct them straight to Codecademy. Don’t waste any time on anyone else; just start there.​ Shabana Khatau Systems and Applications Advisor London, England Diagonal B Dense Quote by Jimmy Soto, SOC Security Specialist from Washington, DC - Baltimore Codecademy played into the whole gamification aspect because of how user-friendly it is and the completion of courses and modules. Completing a module felt like an achievement, and it helped me have a pathway to dive into cybersecurity, coming from a completely different world.​ Jimmy Soto SOC Security Specialist Washington, DC - Baltimore Dot Loose Codecademy Logo Join the millions learning the tech skills needed to grow in their careers and build the lives they want. Sign up — it's free Company About Careers Affiliates Partnerships Resources Articles Blog Cheatsheets Code challenges Docs Projects Videos Workspaces Support Help Center Resources Articles Blog Cheatsheets Code challenges Docs Projects Videos Workspaces Support Help Center Plans For individuals For students For business Discounts Community Visit community Code Crew Events Learner Stories Refer a friend Codecademy from Skillsoft Codecademy from Skillsoft Subjects AI Cloud computing Code foundations Computer science Cybersecurity Data analytics Data science Data visualization Developer tools DevOps Game development IT Machine learning Math Mobile development Web design Web development Languages Bash C C++ C# Go HTML & CSS Java JavaScript Kotlin PHP Python R Ruby SQL Swift Career building Career paths Career Center Interview prep Professional certification Live Learning — Full catalog Beta content Roadmap Mobile Mobile Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Do Not Sell My Personal Information Terms Made with ❤️ in NYC © 2025 Codecademy