Home | Doctors Without Borders - USA Skip to main content URGENT MSF is responding to the humanitarian crisis in Sudan Read more Work With Us Ways to give Donate now Give Monthly More Ways to Give Search Search results Back Search Sort by Most relevant Most recent Click to close search dialog COMMON QUESTIONS What is MSF doing in Gaza? What is MSF’s mission? How does MSF use donations? How can I help? 90% of our funding comes from individual donors. Learn how you can support MSF’s lifesaving care with a gift. Our Work What We Do Discover how we bring lifesaving care to those who need it most Where We Work Explore our work in more than 70 countries Medical Issues Learn about the diseases and medical conditions we treat Our Work in Focus Understand the complex crises we're responding to About Us Who We Are A global movement providing lifesaving care Finances, Reporting & Accountability Get our annual financial statements and nonprofit tax filings Our History Understand our founding principles and the history of our work The US Office Find out more about our US headquarters Latest News News & Stories Get the latest from our projects around the world Alert Magazine Read features from our biannual magazine Activities Events Calendar Connect with the MSF movement Latest Campaigns Become a part of MSF’s most important lifesaving work today Get Involved Ways to Get Involved Discover the many ways you can support our lifesaving work Ways to Give Individuals like you provide 90% of our funding Fundraise We make it easy to raise money to support the MSF movement Friends of MSF Chapters Learn how to get involved with our university student groups Attend an Event Connect with the MSF movement Latest Campaigns Become a part of MSF’s most important lifesaving work today DONATE Donate Now Give Monthly More Ways to Give DONATE Menu We need your support to continue this lifesaving work. Donate Our Work What We Do Where We Work Medical Issues Our Work in Focus About Us Who We Are Finances, Reporting & Accountability Our History The US Office Latest News News & Stories Alert Magazine Activities Events Calendar Latest Campaigns Get Involved Ways to Get Involved Ways to Give Fundraise Friends of MSF Chapters Attend an Event Latest Campaigns Header Search DONATE Donate Now Give Monthly More Ways to Give Work With Us Ways to give Donate now Give Monthly More Ways to Give Search We speak out. Get updates. Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Bluesky Follow us on x.com/Twitter Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Youtube Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on TikTok Scroll down for content Palestine 2025 © Nour Alsaqqa/MSF Gaza: MSF calls for sustained ceasefire, end of siege, and urgent access to aid as Netanyahu meets with Trump Palestinians will continue to suffer and die unless humanitarian actors are allowed to freely provide aid. Read more Support our global work We provide independent, impartial medical humanitarian assistance to the people who need it most. Doctors Without Borders/Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) cares for people affected by conflict, disease outbreaks, natural and human-made disasters, and exclusion from health care in more than 70 countries. Learn more about What We Do Our reach How we use funds 70+ Countries and territories are home to our medical humanitarian projects 16,459,000 Medical consultations were conducted by our humanitarian teams 1,368,700 Patients admitted to MSF hospitals or clinics around the world 87% Programs that bring emergency medical care directly to the people who need it 12% Fundraising that supports our medical humanitarian work 1% Management and general expenses to cover administration *Figures from latest International Activity Report Donate Now MSF exposes mass atrocities against civilians in North Darfur, Sudan News Jul 03, 2025 News Jul 04, 2025 Israeli forces killed MSF colleague Abdullah Hammad while he waited for food aid News Jun 27, 2025 Gaza Humanitarian Foundation aid distribution system must be dismantled News Jul 07, 2025 Rising cholera cases in South Sudan require immediate action story Jul 03, 2025 Health workers on island nation of Kiribati face extraordinary challenges, including climate change Get the latest stories Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Bluesky Follow us on x.com Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Youtube Follow us on linkedin Follow us on TikTok We speak out. Get updates. The principles that drive us We are independent, impartial, and neutral. We are guided by universal medical ethics. We are committed to bearing witness. We are transparent and accountable. We are committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion. Learn more about who we are CENTRAL AFRICAN REPUBLIC 2016 © MSF Medical care where it’s needed most. MSF teams treat a wide range of medical issues, from disease outbreaks to malnutrition to war wounds. And we put our decades of experience to work to produce groundbreaking medical research. Explore medical issues DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF CONGO 2018 © Carl Theunis The work we do When emergencies occur, MSF teams are often among the first to arrive—and the last to leave. Get an in-depth look at our work, including the how and why of where we respond and the challenges we face. Explore our focus issues How you can help We’re an international movement supported by more than 7 million private donors worldwide. Get involved to help us deliver medical humanitarian aid where it’s needed most. Be a fundraiser There are many ways for you to support MSF with fundraising, from athletic and community events to online video game streaming. Read more Attend an event We host regular in-person and virtual events that are free and open to the public. Read more Becoming a sustaining donor As a recurring donor, you play a vital role in ensuring that we are ready to save lives at a moment's notice. Read more Get Involved © Médecins Sans Frontières 2025 Federal tax ID#: 13-3433452 Unrestricted donations enable MSF to carry out our programs around the world. If we cannot honor a specific request, we will reallocate your donation to where the needs are greatest. For Donors Donor Services Donor Portal Finances & Accountability Ways to Give Major Giving Partner Program Planned Giving Foundation Support Corporate Support For Supporters Latest Campaigns Fundraise Attend an Event Volunteer Join a Chapter For Media News & Stories Offices Around the World For Recruits Work in the US office Find a Role in the Field Field Work Application Guide Internships General Interest Contact Us Privacy Policy Scam Warning © Médecins Sans Frontières 2025 Federal tax ID#: 13-3433452 Unrestricted donations enable MSF to carry out our programs around the world. If we cannot honor a specific request, we will reallocate your donation to where the needs are greatest. We speak out. Get updates. Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Bluesky Follow us on x.com/Twitter Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Youtube Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on TikTok How we use funds Your gift helps us provide medical humanitarian aid for hundreds of thousands of people each year. Learn more 84% Programs 15% Fundraising 1% Management & General Admin