Department of Energy Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here's how you know Here's how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( Lock Locked padlock ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. About About Our Agency Our Agency History Our Leadership & Offices The National Nuclear Security Administration The Energy Information Administration National Laboratories Power Marketing Administrations Our Outreach Our Outreach Newsroom Digital Engagement and Media Brand Guides Our Mission Our Mission Security & Safety Security & Safety Nuclear Security Energy Security Cybersecurity Environmental & Legacy Management Research, Technology, & Economic Security Emergency Response Scientific Excellence Scientific Excellence Scientific Research Database (OSTI) Nobel Prize Laureates National Science Bowl Environment Environment Earth Systems Modeling Extreme Weather Resiliency Energy Access Energy Access Grid Deployment & Transmission Puerto Rico Grid Resilience & Transitions (PR 100) Tribal Energy Access Economic Growth Economic Growth Energy Workforce American Manufacturing Technology Transitions & Early Investments Commercial Implementation Global Diplomacy & Leadership Global Diplomacy & Leadership Arctic Cooperation International Market Development New Horizons New Horizons Fusion Supercomputing Quantum Science Space Exploration & The Universe Cancer Research Biotechnology Artificial Intelligence Topics Topics View All Topics Consumer Savings Consumer Savings Tax Credits & Rebates Energy Saving Tips Weatherization Assistance Program Services & Opportunities Services & Opportunities Career Pathways Career Pathways Internships & Fellowships Apprenticeships & Workforce Development Work at DOE Powering today, Transforming tomorrow. Front page carousel Unleashing American Energy in Alaska Secretary Wright, Secretary Burgum, and Administrator Zeldin advance President Trump’s bold agenda to unleash Alaska’s extraordinary resource potential. Read more here First 100 Days Secretary Wright celebrates first 100 days of the Trump Administration unleashing American energy dominance. Read more here Three Seas Business Forum Secretary Wright remarks on historic opportunity to deepen economic partnership with Central Europe. Read more here Restoring Energy Dominance President Trump’s Day One Actions will Return the Department to Regular Order. Read more here Trending: LNG Exports Emergency Authority Vera C. Rubin Observatory Nuclear 101 Electromagnetic Spectrum Artificial Intelligence Latest News Energy Department Expands Commitment to Collaboration with Norway on Water Power Research and Development July 7, 2025 Strengthen Grid Reliability and Security Department of Energy Releases Report on Evaluating U.S. Grid Reliability and Security July 7, 2025 Streamline Permitting and Identify Undue Burdens on American Energy Energy Secretary Announces Updated NEPA Procedures to End Permitting Paralysis and Unleash American Energy June 30, 2025 ICYMI: ENERGY SECRETARY: It’s Time to Stop Subsidizing Solar and Wind in Perpetuity June 28, 2025 Learn More Exploring New Horizons See how the U.S. Department of Energy is pioneering the future and leading the world in cutting-edge research and innovation. Supercomputing The Department of Energy’s national labs host some of the most powerful computers in the world. November 26, 2024 Quantum Science Quantum information science has the potential to radically advance computing, sensing, and communications. December 27, 2024 Space Exploration and The Universe From supporting NASA to understanding the cosmos, DOE expands our knowledge of the universe. November 26, 2024 Cancer Research Cancer researchers use unique, world-leading scientific resources at DOE’s national laboratories. April 11, 2025 Biotechnology DOE is harnessing biology to advance U.S. prosperity for science, energy, sustainability, and security. December 17, 2024 Fusion Energy Fusion is a potential source of on-demand, safe, and abundant energy with zero carbon emissions. April 11, 2025 Artificial Intelligence AI brings enormous potential for the nation’s economic prosperity and national security. April 14, 2025 Administrations & National Labs Get to know our semi-independent organizations and see how they’re tackling the nation’s toughest challenges. National Nuclear Security Administration Learn More about National Nuclear Security Administration May 2, 2025 Power Marketing Administrations Learn More about Power Marketing Administrations November 24, 2024 U.S Department of Energy National Laboratories Learn More about U.S Department of Energy National Laboratories January 17, 2025 U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) Learn More about U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) January 21, 2025 Stay Connected Sign up to receive news and updates from the U.S. Department of Energy straight to your inbox. Email * Committed to Restoring America’s Energy Dominance. Follow Us Link to Facebook Link to Instagram Link to Linkedin Link to Youtube Link to X Link to Flickr Quick Links Leadership & Offices Mission Contact Us Careers Resources Budget & Performance Directives, Delegations, & Requirements Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) Inspector General Privacy Program Federal Government USA.gov The White House Open Gov Accessibility Privacy Information Quality Web Policies Vulnerability Disclosure Program Whistleblower Protection