Education.com | #1 Educational Site for Pre-K to 8th Grade Loading... Choose an Account to Log In Log in with different email For more assistance contact customer service SKIP TO CONTENT Upgrade Now Log In Sign Up Notifications Delete all Did you receive a login code from your child's teacher? Enter it here. Have a login code? Enter it here. Discover a limitless world of learning Review concepts and explore new topics with worksheets, hands-on activities, puzzles, games, and more–the options are endless! Access our library of 38,000+ resources today. Join for free Our learning library With thousands of digital and printable resources, find the best resource for your student. Dive right in Lesson Plans Free, ready-made lesson plans make it easy to provide meaningful, standards-aligned instruction in both classroom and homeschool settings. Plan my lesson today Worksheets We've got a worksheet for anything your student is learning! Our printables make it easy to practice everything from handwriting to multiplication to sight words, and much more! Check it out Games Transform study time into an adventure! Sharpen math fluency and learn letters with immersive games like Flipping Pancakes Fractions and Irregular Nouns Ski Race. Play now Activities Our curated activities bring topics to life through hands-on science experiments, creative art projects, inspirational writing prompts, and more! Make something now Unlock every student's true potential A premium membership gives you unlimited access to all of Education.com's resources and tools like playlists of guided lessons, progress insights for each student, and more! Guided lessons Follow our expertly-designed pathways of fun games that help learners practice and build upon skills in math, reading, writing, and typing! Support for individual learners Create assignments for individual learners, an entire household, or a classroom–with insights to celebrate each student's achievements and milestones Learn more Join the Education.com community! 44 million parents, teachers, and students served Used in 20 countries across 6 continents Library with 38,000 educational resources I love that it shows me the areas my child needs to improve on and directs me to resources to work with him on. It's easy to understand and navigate to each area I need to go. Sarah H. , parent and Education.com premium member Education.com has multiple resources organized for any learning tool you might need as a teacher, parent, and student, and I love the ability to be able to sort by grade, subject, enrichment, or type! Amy Jo Meiners 2016 Alaska Teacher of the Year Read more Education.com for schools and districts Our comprehensive, standards-aligned supplemental program empowers school administrators and teachers to help students build essential skills in math, reading, writing, science, social studies, and more. Find out more Get access today! Join for free We enable strictly necessary cookies to give you the best possible experience on Education.com. Cookie Policy Enable Performance Cookies Add to collection Create new collection Create new collection Collection name Save Cancel New Collection 0 New Collection 0 items Sign up to start collecting! Bookmark this to easily find it later. Then send your curated collection to your children, or put together your own custom lesson plan. Sign up Log in Educational Tools Learning Library Worksheets Games Interactive Worksheets Worksheet Generator Lesson Plans Common Core Resources Support Help center Pricing Education.com For Schools Get a Quote Give Gift Redeem Gift Contact Us Disable Cookies Disable Cookies Warning - you are about to disable cookies. If you decide to create an account with us in the future, you will need to enable cookies before doing so. Opt Out Connect Blog Tell us what you think About Company Careers Press Reviews Privacy Policy COPPA Privacy Policy Terms of Service IXL Comprehensive K-12 personalized learning Rosetta Stone Immersive learning for 25 languages Wyzant Trusted tutors for 300 subjects Vocabulary.com Adaptive learning for English vocabulary ABCya Fun educational games for kids SpanishDictionary.com Spanish-English dictionary, translator, and learning Emmersion Fast and accurate language certification TPT Marketplace for millions of educator-created resources Copyright © 2025 Education.com, Inc, a division of IXL Learning • All Rights Reserved.