👋 Learning to code? Check out our Coding Fundamentals course for beginners! Learn Language Tracks Upskill in 65+ languages Coding Fundamentals The ultimate way to learn to code Front-end Fundamentals Learn the basics of front-end development Your Journey Explore your Exercism journey Discover Exercism Perks Offers & discounts from our partners Community Videos Streaming, walkthroughs & more Brief Introduction Series Short language overviews Interviews & Stories Get inspired by people's stories Discord Chat & hang with the community Forum Dig deeper into topics Contribute Getting started How you can help Exercism Mentoring Support others as they learn Docs Everything you need to help Contributors Meet the people behind Exercism More Donate Help support our mission About Exercism Learn about our organisation Our Impact Explore what we've achieved Insiders Our way of saying thank you Sign up Log in Get really good at programming. Develop fluency in 77 programming languages with our unique blend of learning, practice and mentoring.
Exercism is fun, effective and 100% free, forever. Sign up for free Explore languages is an independent, community funded, not-for-profit organisation. Learn more Explore and get fluent in 77 programming languages Python 580,422 students JavaScript 426,222 students Java 221,526 students C++ 148,342 students C# 143,011 students Go 139,949 students Rust 121,344 students C 120,973 students TypeScript 81,422 students Bash 70,265 students Ruby 57,898 students PHP 54,932 students See all 77 Language Tracks Over 7,388 coding exercises. From "Allergies" to "Zebra Puzzle". Learn by doing. Get better at programming through fun coding exercises that build your understanding of concepts. Allergies Given a person's allergy score, determine whether or not they're allergic to a given item, and their full list of allergies. +40 more Queen Attack Given the position of two queens on a chess board, indicate whether or not they are positioned so that they can attack each other +60 more Zebra Puzzle Which of the residents drinks water? Who owns the zebra? Can you solve the Zebra Puzzle with code? +70 more Write code locally, in your own space Exercism is primarily built as a CLI-first tool. Download and submit exercises right from your terminal. Use the Exercism in-browser editor Don't spend hours installing a language locally just to try it out. We support all 77 of our programming languages in our in-browser editor. Get automated analysis on your code Not quite sure how well you've done? We run automatic analysis on your solutions to give you quick feedback and points of improvement. Deepen your knowledge with human mentoring, for free. Discover new and exciting ways to approach an exercise by getting mentored on it. Become more familiar with the conventions, idioms and opinions of a particular programming language. Why mentoring? You don't know what you don't know When learning a new language, the hardest part is not being aware of the gaps in your knowledge. Our mentors can look at your code and immediately see the ideas you're not familiar with and give you a level-up by unlocking new knowledge. Learn language-specific conventions Becoming fluent in a language is more than being able to write code in it - it's about being able to think in that language. Our mentors will help guide you to how to reshape your thinking to write idiomatic code. Learning with others is fun Getting feedback from real people is an amazingly exciting way to learn. And becoming a mentor and giving feedback yourself is an even bigger step forward. So complete the circle - be mentored and mentor 🎉 Code practice and mentorship for everyone Develop fluency in 77 programming languages
with our unique blend of learning, practice and mentoring.
Exercism is fun, effective and
100% free, forever. Sign up for free Explore languages Editions Exercism Learn to Code Coding Fundamentals Front-end Course Exercism Bootcamp Exercism for Teams Exercism Research About About Exercism Our team Contributors Partners Individual supporters Get involved Exercism Insiders Contribute Mentor Donate Legal & policies Terms of usage Privacy policy Cookie policy Code of conduct Accessibility statement Keep in touch Exercism's blog Discuss on GitHub Contact us Report abuse Get help Exercism's Docs Getting started FAQs Installing the CLI Interactive CLI Walkthrough Our programming language tracks 8th ABAP ARM64 Assembly Arturo AWK Ballerina Bash Batch Script C C# C++ Cairo CFML Clojure COBOL CoffeeScript Common Lisp Crystal D Dart Delphi Pascal Elixir Elm Emacs Lisp Erlang Euphoria F# Fortran Gleam Go Groovy Haskell Idris Java JavaScript jq Julia Kotlin Lisp Flavoured Erlang Lua MIPS Assembly Nim Objective-C OCaml Perl Pharo PHP PowerShell Prolog PureScript Pyret Python R Racket Raku ReasonML Red Roc Ruby Rust Scala Scheme SQLite Standard ML Swift Tcl TypeScript Uiua Unison V Vim script Visual Basic WebAssembly Wren x86-64 Assembly YAMLScript Zig Want to add a language track to Exercism? Start a new topic in the forum and let's discuss it. Exercism is a not-for-profit organisation registered in the UK .
Its trustees are Katrina Owen , Jeremy Walker and Erik Schierboom . © 2025 Exercism