U.S. Hunger Relief Organization | Feeding America Skip to main content Search Need Help Sign up Donate Give Today Give Monthly Give in Honor Menu toggle Hunger in America Our Work Take Action Find a Food bank Hunger Blog node 825 Millions Are at Risk of Losing Food and Health Care The newly passed budget bill is a huge setback for people and comunities facing hunger. The Feeding America network is working urgently to get food to those who need it and to protect vital nutrition programs. Donate now to stand with our neighbors and fight hunger. GIVE NOW See hunger in your community LEARN MORE We respond to disasters LEARN MORE Enter your zip code to find food near you GO Our Vision: An America without Hunger Feeding America is the largest charity working to end hunger in the United States. We partner with food banks, food pantries, and local food programs to bring food to people facing hunger. We advocate for policies that create long-term solutions to hunger. Learn more about our work No one can thrive on an empty stomach 47 million people face hunger in the U.S.—including nearly 14 million children. Hunger knows no boundaries—it touches every U.S. community, including yours. Learn more about hunger in the U.S Help End Hunger Today Give Today $1 can help provide 10 meals! Donate Now Give Monthly Join our Hunger Council with a monthly gift. Donate Now Fundraise Start a fundraiser and inspire others to give. Learn More Volunteer Give your time and serve your community. Get Started Join Us: Get Updates & Get Involved Our Partners With the support of our generous partners, the Feeding America network is meeting the needs of families across the country helping them build a brighter future. Learn more about our partners › As Seen on TV Children like Elijah need food to thrive. Your monthly support means families can bring healthy meals home. Give $19 a month and get a FREE canvas grocery bag ! Give Monthly Visit our Facebook page Visit our Instagram Visit our LinkedIn page Visit our X.com feed 161 North Clark Street, Suite 700 Chicago, IL 60601 tel: 1-800-771-2303 About Us Careers Programs Equity Impact Fund Partners Leadership History Annual Report Why Feeding America Press Releases Research Map the Meal Gap Charitable Food Assistance Coronavirus and Food Insecurity Hunger and Health Interactive Data Policy and Benefits Program Evaluation Race and Ethnicity Senior Hunger Research Technical Advisory Group Ways to Give Give Monthly Fundraise Honor & Memorial Gifts Donor Advised Funds Planned Giving Give Stocks and Funds Give by Mail or Phone Give Cryptocurrency Corporate Giving Workplace Giving Matching Gifts Food Drives FAQ Hunger Facts Children Seniors African Americans Latinos Native Americans Rural Communities Hunger and Nutrition Impact of Hunger Privacy Policy Donor Privacy Contact Us En Español Manage Gift HungerNet Copyright © 2025
         Feeding America. All Rights Reserved. Feeding America is a 501 (c)(3) non-profit recognized by the IRS. Tax ID Number: 36-3673599 Photos associated with client stories feature the actual person referenced. Other images are for illustrative purposes only.