Donate to Projects Find a vetted, verified project that you want to make a donation to: Top Themes Education Gender Equality Racial Justice Climate Action Food Security Physical Health Top Locations United States India Kenya Nepal Pakistan Mexico Top Funded Projects Newest Projects Projects Closest to Goal Staff Favorites Most Effective Site Visit Verified Top Ranked Projects Browse All Projects Disaster Response Projects Give a Gift Card Donate in Honor US Election Issues Redeem a Gift Card Project of the Month Club My Dashboard About Nonprofits Companies Disasters Blog Gift s Cards Apply to Join Donate to Projects About Nonprofits Companies Disasters Blog Gifts GlobalGiving Community Aid Fund United States GlobalGiving Community Aid Fund Donate Ukraine Crisis Relief Fund Ukraine Ukraine Crisis Relief Fund Donate Emergency Food Distribution in Madagascar Madagascar Emergency Food Distribution in Madagascar Donate Leadership Initiatives Students Creating Change Nigeria Leadership Initiatives Students Creating Change Donate Study Aid for Palestinian University students Malaysia Study Aid for Palestinian University students Donate Explore Projects: Featured Newest Nearly Funded Child Protection Disaster Response Education Climate Action Food Security Gender Equality Physical Health See All › GlobalGiving connects nonprofits , donors , and companies in nearly every country in the world. We help fellow nonprofits access the funding, tools, training, and support they need to serve their communities. Learn More 23 years $1,031M dollars 1,949,484 donors 40,175 projects 175+ countries 564 companies How It Works Nonprofits around the world apply and join GlobalGiving to access more funding, to build new skills, and to make important connections. Nonprofits People like you give to your favorite projects; you feel great when you get updates about how your money is put to work by trusted organizations. Donors Generous companies and their employees further support high-impact projects with donations and grants, helping local communities thrive. Companies Nonprofits have the funding they need to listen to feedback and try out new ways to work; communities all over the globe get more awesome! Our Impact Disaster Recovery GlobalGiving makes it easy to donate to reliable, locally-led disaster relief and recovery efforts around the world. Learn more Afghanistan Emergency Fund Afghanistan Afghanistan Emergency Fund Donate Haiti Crisis Relief Fund Haiti Haiti Crisis Relief Fund Donate Sudan Emergency Fund Sudan Sudan Emergency Fund Donate Middle East Crisis Relief Fund Middle East Middle East Crisis Relief Fund Donate News Together for Ukraine Your support to Ukrainian communities now gets a 100% boost - give while funds last! Give Now   › The Aid Stopped. Their Work Didn't. See how community leaders are forging ahead. Read Their Stories   › Your Donations Matched: July 16-17 On July Bonus Day, $100+ gifts get a match. The higher the donation, the higher the match! Find a project   › Buy a Gift Card! Give the gift of giving with a GlobalGiving Gift Card. Shop for Gifts Redeem a Gift Card Get incredible stories, promotions, and matching offers in your inbox Subscribe GlobalGiving makes it easy and safe for you to give to local projects anywhere in the world, while providing nonprofits with the tools, training, and support they need to thrive. Help Center facebook instagram linkedin Donors Ways to Give Philanthropic Gifts Donate in Honor Start a Fundraiser Nonprofits Start an Application Why Join? Handbook Pricing & Fees Companies Our Services Our Partners Corporate Gift Cards GlobalGiving Atlas About Us How It Works Jobs FAQs Contact Us Learn Library Nonprofit Resources Corporate Giving Resources Donor Resources Success Stories Washington Post CNN NPR New York Times Charity Navigator Four Star Charity Candid - Guidestar Platinum Participant BBB Accredited Charity SSL- and PCI-Verified Secure Site © Copyright 2000-2025 GlobalGiving, a 501(c)(3) organization (EIN: 30‑0108263) Registered Charity in England and Wales # 1122823 1 Thomas Circle NW, Suite 800, Washington, DC 20005, USA Questions? Contact Us · Privacy · Cookies · Terms · Pricing · API · Data WARNING: Javascript is currently disabled or is not available in your browser. GlobalGiving makes extensive use of Javascript and will not function properly with Javascript disabled. Please enable Javascript and refresh this page.