Habitat for Humanity Skip to main content Logo Collapse all Expand all Volunteer Volunteer Near you Find your local Habitat Women Build Home Preservation Veterans Build Youth Programs Travel & build Global Village RV Care-A-Vanners Collegiate Challenge Habitat and Thrivent Long-term service International United States AmeriCorps Group opportunities Business partners Faith partners Community organizations Build events Carter Work Project AmeriCorps Build-a-Thon World Habitat Day Advocate Advocate United States International Support Support Donate now One time donations Monthly donations Honor and memorial gifts Gift catalog Donate items Goods and materials Donate your car Partnerships Workplace giving Corporate giving Gifts-in-kind partnerships Cause marketing Planned giving Stock donations Donor-advised funds Case for support Shop Shop Habitat ReStores Habitat-branded merchandise Our work Our work Overview Home construction Older adults' home repair Revitalizing communities Disaster response Innovation Impact and stories Where we work Live stream events Housing help Housing help Housing help overview How to apply Habitat homeowners About About What we do Frequently asked questions Mission and vision Who we are History Leadership Partners Resources Annual Reports and 990s Habitat Learns State support organizations Raising concerns Careers Newsroom Search habitat.org donate Donate Now Donate Monthly Menu Every donation helps a family build a safe and affordable home. Donate now Together, we build a better future. Habitat for Humanity is a movement of people in your local area and around the world, working together to build more prosperous and vibrant communities by making sure everyone has a safe, affordable place to call home. Learn about our work Find your local Habitat Find your local Habitat Find a Habitat near you to volunteer, shop at a Habitat ReStore and more. Search now Donate monthly Families who partner with us build their own homes alongside volunteers, pay an affordable mortgage and are grateful for your help. Donate Research: Adequate housing can have profound health benefits for women Learn more Help advocate for people living in informal settlements Sign the petition Subscribe Subscribe Sign up for our monthly newsletter to get the latest news, DIY tips, volunteer opportunities and other ways you can build a better world with Habitat. This field is required. First name This field is required. Last name This field is required. Email address Habitat features Powered by love David and Daniela achieve greater financial security in their Habitat home thanks to solar panels funded by a Whirlpool Corporation grant. Read more Habitat for Humanity committed to long-term recovery following California wildfires January 10, 2025 Habitat for Humanity teams are readying their response as wildfires continue to rage across Southern California. Initial reports indicate some Habitat homes were destroyed in the region and the organization will continue to conduct assessments as soon as it is safe to do so. Read more Maintaining independence at home Having a new stair lift installed with help from Lowe’s has made it easier for Richard and Carolyn to age safely in place in their home of 46 years. Read more Honoring a legacy Your donation will help Habitat honor President Carter’s legacy by continuing to work towards our shared vision of a world where everyone has a decent place to live. Donate Common questions about Habitat for Humanity You may have heard of Habitat for Humanity, but how much do you really know about us? Here are answers to some of the questions we hear most. Read more Stories of service Hear from homeowners and volunteers who worked alongside President Carter and learn more about all he helped Habitat accomplish. Learn more About Habitat for Humanity You can learn more about Habitat for Humanity, what we do and why we do it. Learn more Carter Work Projects through the years Since 1984, President and Mrs. Carter have been building and advocating for affordable housing alongside Habitat for Humanity for over 30 years. Journey through the incredible legacy of Carter Work Projects! Learn more Why we build Habitat for Humanity knows that creating opportunities for affordable homeownership changes lives. See the data behind why we build around the world and the difference a decent home makes for families. Read more Habitat and WASH Access to safe and reliable water, sanitation and hygiene — called WASH — is an integral component of adequate housing. By connecting communities with our solutions, we help advance health outcomes, environmental conservation, women’s empowerment, economic growth and education. Learn more Closing the racial homeownership gap in the U.S. As part of our +You thought leadership series, a group of experts gathered for a livestream event to explore the deep-seated inequities in America’s housing market – and the steps necessary to create more inclusive housing practices. Watch now Experience the Cost of Home Nearly 1 in 6 households in the U.S. pay more than half of their income on a place to live, an issue only heightened by the COVID-19 pandemic. Through our interactive Cost of Home experience, you can walk through the decisions a household has to make as they work to cover all their other costs. Could you help them make it work? Try it out Load more Goodbye or DIY? Get breaking news, ways to help and our free DIY guide full of helpful tips for homeowners. Join our email list today. This field is required. First name This field is required. Last name This field is required. Email address Leave this field blank Fulltext search Search donate © 2025 Habitat for Humanity® International. All rights reserved. “Habitat for Humanity®” is a registered service mark owned by Habitat for Humanity International. Habitat® is a service mark of Habitat for Humanity International. Habitat for Humanity® International is a tax-exempt 501(C)(3) nonprofit organization. Your gift is tax-deductible as allowed by law. Logo Volunteer Advocate Support Shop Our work Housing help About Support Donate one time Donate monthly Partnerships Donate goods Contact Us Newsroom Careers Privacy policy updated July 1, 2024 Colorado residents privacy Terms of service © 2025 Habitat for Humanity® International. All rights reserved. “Habitat for Humanity®” is a registered service mark owned by Habitat for Humanity International. Habitat® is a service mark of Habitat for Humanity International. Habitat for Humanity® International is a tax-exempt 501(C)(3) nonprofit organization. Your gift is tax-deductible as allowed by law.