Skip to main content Harvard University 1 site notification Learn about our lawsuits to protect our students and researchers Search Search Quick Links A to Z index Menu Academics Academics Academics Learning at Harvard can happen for every type of learner, at any phase of life. Degree programs Academics Degree programs Browse all of our undergraduate concentrations and  graduate degrees. Undergraduate Degrees Graduate Degrees Other Professional and Lifelong Learning Harvard Online Harvard Schools Academics Visit each School for information on admissions and financial aid. Explore more Harvard College Harvard Business School Harvard Division of Continuing Education Harvard Divinity School Harvard Faculty of Arts and Sciences Harvard Kenneth C. Griffin Graduate School of Arts and Sciences Harvard Graduate School of Design Harvard Graduate School of Education Harvard John A. Paulson School of Engineering and Applied Sciences Harvard Kennedy School Harvard Law School Harvard Medical School Harvard Radcliffe Institute Harvard School of Dental Medicine Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health Campus Campus Harvard's Campus Get tickets to our next game, hours and locations for our libraries and museums, and information about your next career move. Libraries Campus Explore our libraries Arnold Arboretum Horticultural Library Baker Library and Special Collections Biblioteca Berenson Botany Libraries Cabot Science Library Countway Library Dumbarton Oaks Research Library Ernst Mayr Library Fine Arts Library Frances Loeb Library Fung Library Gutman Library Harvard Divinity School Library Harvard Film Archive Harvard Law School Library Harvard Map Collection Harvard University Archives Harvard-Yenching Library HKS Library and Knowledge Services Houghton Library Lamont Library Loeb Music Library Robbins Library of Philosophy Schlesinger Library on the History of Women in America Tozzer Library Widener Library Woodberry Poetry Room Museums Campus Explore our museums The Arnold Arboretum Carpenter Center for the Visual Arts Collection of Historical Scientific Instruments Graduate School of Design Exhibitions Harvard Art Museums Harvard Forest Harvard Museum of Natural History The Harvard Museum of the Ancient Near East Harvard Museums of Science and Culture Harvard University Herbaria Mineralogical and Geological Museum Museum of Comparative Zoology The Peabody Museum of Archaeology and Ethnology Warren Anatomical Museum Athletics Work at Harvard Events Commencement In Focus In Focus In Focus Explore a curated examination of Harvard's research, scholarly work, and community. Recent topics include: Driving American Innovation In Focus Driving American Innovation Across our campus and throughout our nearly 400 years, Harvard innovation—in medicine, technology, education, and beyond—has made Americans’ lives easier, healthier, and safer. Explore our innovation What's inside How Harvard innovation moves from lab to market The world’s longest-running scientific examination of human health and happiness Ideas to Enterprise In Focus Ideas to Enterprise Across Harvard’s campus, our students turn ideas into ventures that solve problems and create value. Venture in What's inside How innovation moves from lab to market The 2025 Harvard President’s Innovation Challenge winners Commencement 2025 In Focus Celebrating the Class of 2025 Join the celebration for Harvard University’s 374th Commencement and explore the amazing scholarship of our graduates. Explore the ceremony What's inside? Meet the class of 2025 Abraham Verghese is the 2025 Commencement speaker Visit Visit Visit Harvard Ideas and assistance for your trip to our campus. Tours Maps and directions Tour Providers About About About Harvard Learn how Harvard is structured, explore our long history, and discover our extended community. History of Harvard About History of Harvard Harvard is perhaps best-known because of its enduring history of innovation in education. But even die-hard Harvard buffs are not likely to know all of these Harvard firsts and historical snippets. Learn more about Harvard's history History timeline Nobel Laureates Honorary Degrees Harvard shields Leadership and governance About Learn about our Leadership President Officers and Deans Harvard Corporation Board of Overseers University Professorships Endowment Belonging Harvard in the Community Harvard in the World News News The Harvard Gazette Official news from Harvard University about science, medicine, art, campus life, University issues, and broader national and global concerns. Trending News Stories News Read more news Unlocking the promise of CAR-T Research on multiple fronts seeks to expand impact of a cancer therapy that has left patients and doctors awestruck John C.P. Goldberg named Harvard Law School dean John C.P. Goldberg named Harvard Law School dean
Leading scholar in tort law and political philosophy has served as interim leader since March 2024 Reading skills — and struggles — manifest earlier than thought New finding underscores need to intervene before kids start school, say researchers Sign up for the Daily Gazette Navigation Quick Links A to Z index Find a person Events Media Relations Alumni Give Now Emergency Harvard University Close Harvard University Driving American Innovation Across our campus and throughout our nearly 400 years, Harvard innovation—in medicine, technology, education, and beyond—has made Americans’ lives easier, healthier, and safer. Learn about Harvard’s Slade Lab , which pioneers mobility aids like these. Start innovating on your ideas So much of modern innovation begins with computer science skills. This free, online Harvard course teaches you the foundations of the intellectual enterprises of computer science and the art of programming. Turning ideas into enterprise Click to Play Video How Harvard innovation moves from lab to market Chief Technology Development Officer Isaac T. Kohlberg explains how Harvard’s Office of Technology Development helps researchers and scientists at the University bring their innovations and discoveries to the market. From our campus to your life Explore more of Harvard’s innovative history Health Injectable treatments for diabetes and obesity More than three decades ago, Joel Habener set up an experiment at Massachusetts General Hospital that led to the discovery of GLP-1, a hormone utilized for drugs like Ozempic and Wegovy to treat diabetes and obesity. Injectable treatments for diabetes and obesity Education “Sesame Street” Harvard Graduate School of Education’s Gerald Lesser was instrumental in the development of “Sesame Street.” “Sesame Street” Cooking Baking Powder While working at Harvard, Eben Norton Horsford invented baking powder, allowing baked goods to rise without a dependency on yeast. Baking Powder Emergency Defibrillator Paul Zoll helped to develop the defibrillator, which provided a new approach for resuscitating patients, saving countless lives. Defibrillator Sports Golf tee Harvard Dentist George Grant was passionate about golf. Before his invention of the wooden golf tee, golfers teed up the ball by mounding dirt to form a cone. Golf tee Medical innovations Since founding Harvard Medical School in 1782, Harvard has been pushing innovations in health and medicine into the future. Explore more medical research Past The first organ transplant On December 23, 1954, Harvard Medical School Professor Joseph Murray and his team performed the first organ transplant on a man who had been given just two years to live. The surgery ushered in the era of organ transplantation, giving hope to thousands of patients each year. Present Novel tuberculosis regimens Tuberculosis remains one of the top infectious disease killers worldwide, a challenge amplified by drug-resistant forms of the disease. In a major step forward, an international clinical trial including Harvard Medical School found three new safe and effective drug regimens for tuberculosis that is resistant to the most common antibiotic. Future Type 1 diabetes treatment Doug Melton and his colleagues are within sight of a new treatment for Type 1 diabetes that uses stem cells to make healthy insulin-producing cells that can be transplanted into patients. How Harvard supports cutting-edge research The Star-Friedman Challenge provides seed funding to support promising research that might not be funded by traditional sources, encouraging investigators to explore new directions branching off their previous work. Learn more about the grants Better understanding the body Explore more Harvard research Harvard Medical School and Massachusetts General Hospital The world’s longest-running scientific examination of human health and happiness Now in its 87th year, The Harvard Study of Adult Development has garnered many lessons, including that people who are more socially connected to family,  friends, and community, are happier, physically healthier, and live longer than people who are less well connected. The world’s longest-running scientific examination of human health and happiness McCance Center for Brain Health Finding Alzheimer’s An at-home olfactory test can identify those at risk of Alzheimer’s years before symptoms appear. Finding Alzheimer’s Harvard Medical School Understanding Parkinson's disease Trisha Pasricha helped discover that Parkinson’s disease originates in the gut. Understanding Parkinson's disease Brigham and Women’s Hospital Supplementing for success Vitamin D supplements may slow biological aging. Supplementing for success Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center Explaining the benefits of exercising Robert Gerszten and his team are examining, at a molecular level, why exercise is beneficial. Explaining the benefits of exercising Chan School of Public Health Optimizing a healthy diet Substituting butter with plant-based oils may lower risk of premature death. Optimizing a healthy diet Technological innovations Since founding formal programs in engineering and applied sciences in 1847, Harvard has been at the cutting edge of scientific research. Explore more technological research Past Programmable computers Consisting of 765,299 parts and 530 miles of cable, the Mark I was the first programmable computer in the United States and, in 1944, easily the most complex electromechanical device ever constructed. Present Wearable robotics for mobility This soft, wearable robotic device developed at the Harvard Move Lab is helping stroke survivors and people with other movement impairments regain mobility and independence. Future The next internet Harvard researchers are exploring a quantum internet capable of sending highly complex, hacker-proof information around the world at ultra-fast speeds . Student and alumni founders representing 12 different Harvard schools Harvard President’s Innovation Challenge How Harvard helps startups Every year, the President’s Innovation Challenge—an annual competition for Harvard students and select alumni and affiliates—provides winners with support at the earliest stages of their ventures. Learn more about the innovation challenge Bringing innovation to market Explore more businesses from Harvard Creating a new class of antibiotics Kinvard Bio, a biotechnology company launched out of Harvard’s Myers Lab, is creating a new class of antibiotics in the hopes of treating drug-resistant infections and diseases. Creating a new class of antibiotics Pioneering regenerative medicine Nabiha Saklayen founded Cellino to transform the body’s blood cells into tissues for healing and repair. Pioneering regenerative medicine Listening to patients' needs Manny Simons founded Akouos, Inc. to develop gene therapies to restore hearing. Listening to patients' needs Computing with quantum John Levy started SEEQC to turn quantum computers into a commercially viable tool. Computing with quantum Finding his focus Metalenz, which Rob Devlin helped develop, has already shipped 100 million of its light-focusing metasurfaces. Finding his focus Owning your health Laura Wegner created Mii to empower patients to take ownership of their medical data. Owning your health Educational innovations Since before America was founded, Harvard has been educating teachers and leaders to advance knowledge for future generations. Explore more educational research Past Multiple intelligences Howard Gardner upended notions of how children think and learn, proposing that there is not a single intelligence that can be measured by one IQ test, but multiple intelligences and ways of learning and knowing. Present Tackling chronic absenteeism Researchers found that chronic absenteeism could be reduced by mailing monthly personalized letters to families informing them of how often their child was out of school. These so-called “nudge letters” reduced chronic absenteeism by 10–15%. Future Empowering the next leaders Joy Lindsay founded Butterfly Dreamz to provide leadership development and support to teen girls and young women from underserved communities. You may also like Related In Focus topics Research Powers Progress Innovations from Harvard Ideas to Enterprise Security & Brand Report Copyright Infringement Report Security Issue Trademark Notice Website Accessibility Digital Accessibility Privacy statement Get In Touch Contact Harvard Maps & Directions Jobs Copyright © 2025 The President and Fellows of Harvard College Instagram TikTok LinkedIn Facebook YouTube