Nature Skip to main content Thank you for visiting nature.com. You are using a browser version with limited support for CSS. To obtain
            the best experience, we recommend you use a more up to date browser (or turn off compatibility mode in
            Internet Explorer). In the meantime, to ensure continued support, we are displaying the site without styles
            and JavaScript. Advertisement View all journals Search Log in Explore content About the journal Publish with us Subscribe Sign up for alerts RSS feed Turbocharged ‘killer’ cells show promise for autoimmune disease Experimental treatment could offer a safer, cheaper alternative to CAR T cell therapies for disorders such as lupus. Featured Content Japan requires name change after marriage — with big effects on female scientists Survey finds law requiring married couples to share the same family name causes havoc for researchers. Smriti Mallapaty News 04 Jul 2025 China pours money into brain chips that give paralysed people more control Brain–computer interfaces being trialled in China offer some advantages over Neuralink and other leading US devices. Smriti Mallapaty News 04 Jul 2025 Mapping the adaptive landscape of Batesian mimicry using 3D-printed stimuli Birds have an excellent ability to learn to discriminate harmless insects from those that they mimic on the basis of subtle differences in appearance. Christopher H. Taylor David James George Watson Tom Reader Article Open Access 02 Jul 2025 Daily briefing: Neanderthals boiled bones in ‘fat factories’ New evidence suggests that Neanderthals rendered fat from bones to stave off protein poisoning. Plus an interstellar object is about to pass through our Solar System and why some animal mimics aren’t great replicas. Flora Graham Nature Briefing 04 Jul 2025 Contents Subscribe Current Issue 03 Jul 2025 Advertisement News & Comment Rubbish years: how to boost lab group morale when world events crash in Award-winning mentors share best practice to keep your team going amid political upheavals, economic downturns and other events. N. G. Boeck Career Feature 07 Jul 2025 Turbocharged ‘killer’ cells show promise for autoimmune disease Heidi Ledford News 07 Jul 2025 Rise of the planet of the zombie bugs: Books in brief Andrew Robinson Book Review 04 Jul 2025 Japan requires name change after marriage — with big effects on female scientists Smriti Mallapaty News 04 Jul 2025 China pours money into brain chips that give paralysed people more control Smriti Mallapaty News 04 Jul 2025 How we’re rebuilding the Weizmann Institute — and our hopes for a better future Alon Chen World View 03 Jul 2025 Neanderthals boiled bones in ‘fat factories’ to enrich their lean diet Katie Kavanagh News 03 Jul 2025 Latest Reviews & Analysis Viral genomes track the transmission of mpox in humans before 2017 outbreak An analysis of mpox virus genomes from individuals infected between 2018 and 2023 has provided insights into how the virus emerged in the human population. The study revealed key drivers associated with animal-to-human transmission of the virus in the biodiverse border regions of Cameroon and Nigeria, and human-to-human transmission in Nigeria. Research Briefing 02 Jul 2025 Tunnelling photons challenge interpretation of quantum mechanics Measurements with confined photons challenge a prediction that particles that ‘quantum tunnel’ into infinitely long barriers will get stuck. Alessandro Fedrizzi Fabio Biancalana News & Views 02 Jul 2025 Injured plants use gaseous cues to initiate repair of their outer layers The periderm layers of plants form an outer protective barrier. If the periderm is broken, movement of the gases ethylene and oxygen triggers a healing process. Cui-Cui Yin Jin-Song Zhang News & Views 02 Jul 2025 3D printing offers a way to study mimicry by insects Predation experiments using models of edible flies and stinging wasps provide some answers to a long-standing evolutionary puzzle in mimicry research. Thomas N. Sherratt Karl Loeffler-Henry News & Views 02 Jul 2025 Brain implant decodes neural activity to produce expressive speech A brain–computer interface has enabled a man with paralysis to speak through a computer. The system records the activity of hundreds of neurons and translates them into voice in real time, effectively creating a digital voice box. The system enables the man to have conversations with his family, vary his intonation and even sing. Research Briefing 02 Jul 2025 A genome from ancient Egypt Research Briefing 02 Jul 2025 Molecular gas in a low-dust galaxy hints at how stars formed in the early Universe Research Briefing 02 Jul 2025 The Somatic Mosaicism across Human Tissues Network Tim H. H. Coorens Ji Won Oh Yuqing Wang Perspective 02 Jul 2025 How much energy is wasted from making a cup of tea? News & Views 01 Jul 2025 Latest Research articles Efficient perovskite/silicon tandem with asymmetric self-assembly molecule Lingbo Jia Simeng Xia Bo He Article 07 Jul 2025 Boron-mediated modular assembly of tetrasubstituted alkenes A method based on boron-mediated assembly is described for the synthesis of tetrasubstituted alkenes, molecules with four substituents around the central C=C bond, with complete control over the double-bond geometry. Liang Wei Mihai V. Popescu Varinder K. Aggarwal Article Open Access 02 Jul 2025 Stereodivergent transformation of a natural polyester to enantiopure PHAs Stereoselective synthetic routes use P3HB (a polyester produced by bacteria) as a chiral feedstock for related polymers that have properties more amenable to processing and use. Jun-Jie Tian Ruirui Li Eugene Y.-X. Chen Article 02 Jul 2025 Mapping the adaptive landscape of Batesian mimicry using 3D-printed stimuli Birds have an excellent ability to learn to discriminate harmless insects from those that they mimic on the basis of subtle differences in appearance. Christopher H. Taylor David James George Watson Tom Reader Article Open Access 02 Jul 2025 Functional amyloid proteins confer defence against predatory bacteria Escherichia coli uses curli fibres, oligomers of the functional amyloid CsgA, as a barrier to protect against the predatory bacteria Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus and Myxococcus xanthus in a mechanism that is independent of genes required for biofilm formation. Hannah E. Ledvina Ryan Sayegh Aaron T. Whiteley Article 02 Jul 2025 Collections How Trump 2.0 is reshaping science Since US President Donald Trump took office in January 2025, his team has made major changes to the federal government that have disrupted research and research institutions in the United States and beyond. Collection 26 Feb 2025 Advertisement Trending - Altmetric Whole-genome ancestry of an Old Kingdom Egyptian Japan requires name change after marriage — with big effects on female scientists The mutagenic forces shaping the genomes of lung cancer in never smokers Close-in planet induces flares on its host star Science jobs Postdoctoral Fellowship at Joslin Diabetes Center and Harvard Medical School Postdoctoral fellowship at Joslin Diabetes Center at Harvard Medical School to study how excess nutrients regulate mRNA translation in diabetes. Boston, Massachusetts Joslin Diabetes Center Global Talent Recruitment of Shanghai University in 2025 Discipline Leader, Top-notch Discipline Talent, Young Innovative Talent and Outstanding Postdoctoral Fellows. Shanghai (CN) Shanghai University Faculty and Research Positions in Magnetic Fusion Science and Engineering Shanghai (CN) Shanghai Jiao Tong University Garvan Faculty Member The Garvan Institute invites applicants for Faculty-level positions in the Immune Biotherapies and Precision Immunology Programs. Sydney (LGA), New South Wales (AU) The Garvan Institute Insect Neuroscientist Pioneer the development of insect-based biorobots—join SWARM Biotactics as an Insect Neuroscientist. Kassel, Hessen (DE) SWARM Biotactics Advertisement Close banner Close Sign up for the Nature Briefing newsletter — what matters in science, free to your inbox daily. Email address Sign up I agree my information will be processed in accordance with the Nature and Springer Nature Limited Privacy Policy . Close banner Close Get the most important science stories of the day, free in your inbox. Sign up for Nature Briefing Explore content Research articles News Opinion Research Analysis Careers Books & Culture Podcasts Videos Current issue Browse issues Collections Subjects Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe Sign up for alerts RSS feed About the journal Journal Staff About the Editors Journal Information Our publishing models Editorial Values Statement Journal Metrics Awards Contact Editorial policies History of Nature Send a news tip Publish with us For Authors For Referees Language editing services Open access funding Submit manuscript Search Search articles by subject, keyword or author Show results from All journals This journal Search Advanced search Quick links Explore articles by subject Find a job Guide to authors Editorial policies Top headline image: A green-coloured natural killer cell Issue cover: Cover image: Christiane Ritz. Nature ( Nature ) ISSN 1476-4687 (online) ISSN 0028-0836 (print) nature.com sitemap About Nature Portfolio About us Press releases Press office Contact us Discover content Journals A-Z Articles by subject protocols.io Nature Index Publishing policies Nature portfolio policies Open access Author & Researcher services Reprints & permissions Research data Language editing Scientific editing Nature Masterclasses Research Solutions Libraries & institutions Librarian service & tools Librarian portal Open research Recommend to library Advertising & partnerships Advertising Partnerships & Services Media kits Branded
                        content Professional development Nature Careers Nature Conferences Regional websites Nature Africa Nature China Nature India Nature Italy Nature Japan Nature Middle East Privacy
                Policy Use
                of cookies Your privacy choices/Manage cookies Legal
                notice Accessibility
                statement Terms & Conditions Your US state privacy rights © 2025 Springer Nature Limited