National Education Association | NEA Skip Navigation Menu Close Student Success Your Rights & Workplace Professional Excellence Advocating for Change Join Our Movement Take Action Search nea.org … Search Close Search Suggested Results See All Search About NEA NEA Affiliates Media Center NEA Member Benefits Resource Library NEA Today More NEA Sites EdVotes EdCommunities NEA Foundation Contact Us Great Public Schools Engaged Families & Communities School Health & Safety Recruit & Retain Educators Teacher Quality Student Assessments Fair Pay & Benefits Union & Educator Voice Student Debt Support Inclusive Workplaces Resource Library Just & Equitable Schools Student Engagement Professional Learning Leadership Development Conferences & Events Action Center Protect Public Schools Racial & Social Justice Funding for Students & Schools Educator Pay & Benefits New From NEA Become A Member Become a Community Ally Connect with Us Join a Campaign Donate Our Mission, Vision, & Values Our Leaders Our Members Governance & Policies Partnerships Contact Us Grants & Funding Press Releases All News & Articles Topics NEA Today Magazines We’re here to make sure every student & educator succeeds. The National Education Association (NEA) is more than 3 million people—educators, students, activists, workers, parents, neighbors, friends—who believe in opportunity for all students and in the power of public education to transform lives and create a more just and inclusive society. Join us Find your state affiliate Learn more about NEA We are Speaking Up For Education Policy Health, Wellness, & Safety Racial & Social Justice Salary & Workplace Conditions Professional Practice Why the U.S. Supreme Court Matters to Public Schools Featured Article Why the U.S. Supreme Court Matters to Public Schools Supreme Court decisions affect educators, students and working families every day. Find out how we “graded” key decisions that have helped or hurt public education. Read More Learn more about other recent legal actions affecting public education Educators Warn Against Child Labor Rollbacks Featured Article Educators Warn Against Child Labor Rollbacks ‘Our children are not responsible for rescuing our economy,’ says Maine teacher Rie Larson. Read More Learn more about the campaign to end child labor Meet the 2025 NEA Human and Civil Rights Awards Winners Featured Article Meet the 2025 NEA Human and Civil Rights Awards Winners NEA honors nine leaders advancing equity, justice, and education. Read More Learn more about this year's Conference on Racial and Social Justice How ESPs Advocate for Fair Pay, Better Working Conditions and Respect Featured Article How ESPs Advocate for Fair Pay, Better Working Conditions and Respect More states adopt NEA ESP Bill of Rights to say “One job should be enough!” Read More Access NEA's 2025 Educator Pay Report Mic Check: One, Two, … One, Teach! Featured Article Mic Check: One, Two, … One, Teach! From multiplication bars to literacy stars, teachers are transforming learning with hip-hop. Read More Get creative with NEA's arts integration micro-credential Our best hope for student success is you. Your passion and commitment are crucial to helping all students—of all colors and backgrounds—learn, grow, and fulfill their potential. Here’s how you can get started. Be a voice for each and every student Protect public schools & students Actions to defend public education Achieve professional excellence Improve your practice Become a leader Your Rights and Working Conditions Discover the union advantage Attain the benefits you deserve Advance justice with us Create safe and just schools Protect the right to an inclusive education “We cannot simply fight against. We must also fight forward for our vision of a public school system where every student—every one—attends a school that is safe, welcoming, and plentiful in resources....and where educators are valued as the professionals [they] are.” Quote by: — Becky Pringle , NEA President Post this See more from President Pringle's address to NEA members Are you an affiliate? Jump to updates, opportunities, and resources for NEA state and local affiliates. Grants and funding Tools and trainings New from NEA Let’s get real Teacher working conditions are student learning conditions. Post this There is power in numbers—whether the issue is class sizes or clean water, we are stronger when we raise our voices together. Post this Educators are best positioned to advocate for adequate funding for schools and ensuring students have the resources they need to succeed. Post this Let’s bring real change Let’s get real Teacher working conditions are student learning conditions. Post this Let’s bring real change “There’s a difference between being altruistic and being self-sacrificing. And through the work of my union—through the solidarity and support of educators like you—I came to understand something transformative: the best way to advocate for our students truly is to advocate for ourselves....We are the guardians—not just of our curricula and our classrooms—but of the conditions that allow our schools to thrive. I say this with full conviction, every day, but especially today: Protecting education is how we protect our democracy.” — Ashlie Crosson, 2025 National Teacher of the Year Watch Ashlie's address to NEA members There is power in numbers—whether the issue is class sizes or clean water, we are stronger when we raise our voices together. Post this Let’s bring real change “May we all learn to build the same kind of resilience our ancestors did as we face of our current adversities; may we endeavor to build our power through allyship with our community partners, and may we continue to fight for the respect we deserve as professionals in our respective fields regardless of our classifications....We must remain true to who we are and never ever diminish our light and its brightness because how else can we light a path for those who will come behind us?” — Teresa M. Hodge, 2025 Higher Educator of the Year Watch: Teresa addresses NEA educators Educators are best positioned to advocate for adequate funding for schools and ensuring students have the resources they need to succeed. Post this Let’s bring real change “We have to be political, plain and simple. It's the only way we can make real changes. When I say political, I don’t mean red vs. blue, I’m saying you must advocate for you, for us, for students, and for working families.” — Andy Markus, 2025 Educations Support Professional of the Year Watch Andy's speech to delegates What’s on Your Mind? We’re here to help. Our community comes to us seeking tools (guides, reports, trainings, and more) to help answer everyday questions. We’re here to support you in whatever you need. Bullying Collective Bargaining College Affordability COVID-19 Diversity & Inclusion Education Funding English Language Learning Federal Legislation Gun Violence Immigration Mental Health Politics & Campaigns Privatization Racial & Social Justice School Climate Trauma Union Organizing Voting Rights Workplace Conditions Explore All Topics Read the Latest from NEA Today Protect Public Schools Educators and parents know that America's students need more opportunities to succeed, and we need to strengthen our public schools where 90% of students learn. Get engaged Stay Informed We'll come to you We're here to help you succeed in your career, advocate for public school students, and stay up to date on the latest education news. Sign up to stay informed Great public schools for every student The National Education Association (NEA), the nation's largest
      professional employee organization, is committed to advancing the cause of
      public education. NEA's 3 million members work at every level of
      education—from pre-school to university graduate programs. NEA has
      affiliate organizations in every state and in more than 14,000 communities
      across the United States. About us Partner with us Advertise with us National Education Association 1201 16th Street, NW Washington, DC 20036-3290 Careers Contact Us NEA State Affiliates NEA Councils & Other Organizations Governance & Policies Research & Publications Legal Guidance Resource Library Privacy Policy Terms of Use © Copyright 2025 National Education Association