NPR - Breaking News, Analysis, Music, Arts & Podcasts : NPR Accessibility links Skip to main content Keyboard shortcuts for audio player Open Navigation Menu Newsletters NPR Shop Close Navigation Menu Home News Expand/collapse submenu for News National World Politics Business Health Science Climate Race Culture Expand/collapse submenu for Culture Books Movies Television Pop Culture Food Art & Design Performing Arts Life Kit Gaming Music Expand/collapse submenu for Music All Songs Considered Tiny Desk New Music Friday Music Features Live Sessions Podcasts & Shows Expand/collapse submenu for Podcasts & Shows Daily Morning Edition Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday All Things Considered Fresh Air Up First Featured Embedded The NPR Politics Podcast Throughline Trump's Terms More Podcasts & Shows Search Newsletters NPR Shop All Songs Considered Tiny Desk New Music Friday Music Features Live Sessions About NPR Diversity Support Careers Press Ethics NPR - Breaking News, Analysis, Music, Arts & Podcasts Top stories in the U.S. and world news, politics, health, science, business, music, arts and culture. Nonprofit journalism with a mission. This is NPR. KERRVILLE, TEXAS - JULY 04: Trees emerge from flood waters along the Guadalupe River on July 4, 2025 in Kerrville, Texas. Heavy rainfall caused flooding along the Guadalupe River in central Texas with multiple fatalities reported. (Photo by Eric Vryn/Getty Images) Eric Vryn/Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Eric Vryn/Getty Images Weather How good was the forecast? Texas officials and the National Weather Service disagree As searchers continue to look for victims in the deadly flash flooding in Texas, officials are answering questions about the weather forecasts ahead of and during the storm. Texas officials race to find survivors after devastating floods At least 78 dead in catastrophic Texas flooding and 11 missing from girls camp Guadalupe River flood: How to help and how to find help Texas Public Radio Though most flu vaccines don't include the preservative thimerosal, advisers to the CDC have recommended against using it. Marie D. De Jesus/Houston Chronicle/Hearst Newspapers/Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Marie D. De Jesus/Houston Chronicle/Hearst Newspapers/Getty Images Public Health 4 things to know about the vaccine ingredient thimerosal EDITORS NOTE: Graphic content / Palestinians walk back, carrying parcels collected from a food aid distribution point set up by the privately-run Gaza Humanitarian Foundation (GHF) on the Salaheddin road, at the Nuseirat refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip on June 24, 2025. (Photo by Eyad BABA / AFP) (Photo by EYAD BABA/AFP via Getty Images) Eyad Baba/AFP via Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Eyad Baba/AFP via Getty Images Middle East conflict Knives, bullets and thieves: the quest for food in Gaza House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries, D-N.Y., along with the House Democratic Caucus, assemble on the Capitol steps to rail against President Trump's signature bill of tax breaks and spending cuts on July 2. Demetrius Freeman/The Washington Post via Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Demetrius Freeman/The Washington Post via Getty Images Politics Will Trump's megabill help Democrats win the House? Actor Richard Gere, right, kisses the hand of Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama at an event celebrating the Dalai Lama's 90th birthday in Dharamshala, India, Sunday, July 6, 2025. Ashwini Bhatia/AP hide caption toggle caption Ashwini Bhatia/AP Asia Dalai Lama, a global symbol of Tibetan culture and resistance, turns 90 Sponsor Message This image provided by NOAA shows Tropical Storm Chantal forming off the coast of the Carolinas on Saturday, July 5, 2025. NOAA/AP hide caption toggle caption NOAA/AP Weather Tropical Storm Chantal brings heavy rains into northeastern South Carolina Buy now, pay later loans that let shoppers split payments into installments have become increasingly popular. Soon, that data will be incorporated into people's FICO credit scores. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images/Getty Images North America hide caption toggle caption Justin Sullivan/Getty Images/Getty Images North America Your Money 'Buy now, pay later' purchases can now affect your credit score. Here's what that means This photo provided on July 2, 2025, by the North Korean government shows a beach resort in the Wonsan-Kalma eastern coastal tourist zone on July 1, 2025. Korean Central News Agency/Korea News Service via AP hide caption toggle caption Korean Central News Agency/Korea News Service via AP World North Korea has a new luxury beach resort. But the country isn't open to most tourists Senate Majority Leader John Thune, R-S.D., center, joined from left by, Sen. John Barrasso, R-Wyo., the GOP whip, Finance Committee Chairman Mike Crapo, R-Idaho, and Budget Committee Chairman Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., speaks to reporters after Senate passage of the "Big Beautiful Bill." Millions are estimated to lose health care if the bill becomes law. J. Scott Applewhite/AP hide caption toggle caption J. Scott Applewhite/AP Policy-ish 5 ways Trump's megabill will limit health care access KFF Health News Latest Stories 25 minutes ago Texas officials race to find survivors after devastating floods 1 hour ago How good was the forecast? Texas officials and the National Weather Service disagree 3 hours ago Video: Timelapse Shows Texas' Llano River Completely Flood in Just Minutes 5 hours ago Musk forms new party after split with Trump over tax and spending bill 9 hours ago Story has audio Knives, bullets and thieves: the quest for food in Gaza Navigate backwards Navigate forwards Watch Navigate previous Navigate next Developing Story Credit: Robert Ivey via Storyful The Picture Show Video: Timelapse shows Texas' Llano River completely flood in just minutes Timelapse video shows authorities blocking off a low water crossing over the Llano River in Kingsland just before flash flooding completely inundated the area in just 10 minutes. A man looks out at flooding caused by a flash flood at the Guadalupe River in Kerrville, Texas, on Saturday. Ronaldo Schemidt/AFP via Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Ronaldo Schemidt/AFP via Getty Images National Here's a timeline of the catastrophic Texas floods Kerr County received 10 to 12 inches of rain on Friday, which produced more water than what flows over Niagara Falls in a day. Saile Aranda/TPR hide caption toggle caption Saile Aranda/TPR What is flash flood alley and what do Texans in its path face? Texas Public Radio People react as they inspect an area outside sleeping quarters at Camp Mystic along the banks of the Guadalupe River after a flash flood swept through the area Sunday, July 6, 2025, in Hunt, Texas. Julio Cortez/AP hide caption toggle caption Julio Cortez/AP The Picture Show Photos:  Texas grapples with devastation from deadly flooding A man recounts the incident in Montebello, California, where ICE agents entered a junkyard and detained U.S. citizen Javier Ramirez. June 19, 2025. Zaydee Sanchez for NPR Zaydee Sanchez for NPR hide caption toggle caption Zaydee Sanchez for NPR Immigration 'Antagonized for being Hispanic': There are growing claims of racial profiling in ICE's LA raids Immigration agents are raiding known hubs for Latino workers: day laborer gathering spots, street vendor corners and car washes. Legal advocacy groups say their tactics are unconstitutional. 'Antagonized for being Hispanic': Growing claims of racial profiling in LA raids Listen · 5:03 5:03 Transcript Toggle more options Download Embed Embed < iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5438396/nx-s1-5514418-1" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> Transcript President Donald Trump, right, speaks during a news conference with Elon Musk in the Oval Office of the White House, Friday, May 30, 2025, in Washington. Evan Vucci/AP hide caption toggle caption Evan Vucci/AP Politics Musk forms new party after split with Trump over tax and spending bill Musk said he's carrying out his threat to form a new political party after a falling out with Trump over the president's sweeping tax cuts law. In this photo provided by the Office of the Iranian Supreme Leader, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei attends a mourning ceremony commemorating the death anniversary of the Prophet Muhammad's grandson, Hussein, in Tehran, Iran, on Saturday, July 6, 2025. Office of the Iranian Supreme Leader/AP hide caption toggle caption Office of the Iranian Supreme Leader/AP Middle East conflict Iran's supreme leader makes first public appearance since Iran-Israel war started Iran' s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei on Saturday made his first public appearance since the 12-day war between Israel and Iran began, attending a mourning ceremony on the eve of Ashoura. Ward Sakeik, Taahir Shaikh, and Imam Omar Suleiman enter the room for a press conference over Sakeik's release from ICE custody Thursday, July 3, 2025, in Irving. Yfat Yossifor/KERA hide caption toggle caption Yfat Yossifor/KERA Texas woman detained by ICE after her honeymoon is released. 'Humanity was stripped away from me.' KERA Attorneys from Ward Sakeik say U.S. immigration authorities tried to deport her to Israel twice. She's married to a U.S. citizen and applying to become permanent resident. In this file photo, President Trump spoke about the economy during an event at the Circa Resort and Casino in Las Vegas, Saturday, Jan. 25. Mark Schiefelbein/AP hide caption toggle caption Mark Schiefelbein/AP Politics Congress passed no tax on tips in Trump's 'big, beautiful bill.' Here's how it works Congress passed the tax cut and spending megabill with President Trump's legislative priorities which includes new tax exemptions for tipped hourly workers. But how will it work? Sponsor Message Speaker of the House Mike Johnson, R-La., signs the One Big Beautiful Bill Act during an enrollment ceremony with fellow Republicans in the Rayburn Room at the U.S. Capitol on Thursday. Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Planet Money How Trump's bill, tax cuts and a bigger deficit will affect us all Simple arithmetic with profound ramifications: tax cuts, spending cuts, and whether they balance out. (Spoiler: no.) Krome Detention Center officers man a gate leading to the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement facility, May 24, 2025, in Miami. Rebecca Blackwell/AP hide caption toggle caption Rebecca Blackwell/AP Immigration Immigrants with no criminal convictions represent sharpest growth in ICE detention population The number of people in ICE detention without criminal convictions nearly doubled in the last month — a significant increase compared to detainees who have been convicted of crimes. NON CRIMINAL DETENTIONS GARSD Listen · 4:11 4:11 Transcript Toggle more options Download Embed Embed < iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5456246/nx-s1-5514541-1" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> Transcript WATCH Jacob Collier: Tiny Desk Concert Phoebe Bridgers: Tiny Desk (Home) Concert Gillian Welch & David Rawlings: Tiny Desk Concert Shirley Collins: Tiny Desk (Home) Concert Buddy: Tiny Desk Concert Laufey: Tiny Desk Concert Rico Nasty: Tiny Desk Concert Living Colour: Tiny Desk Concert Alex Isley: Tiny Desk Concert Beenie Man: Tiny Desk Concert Stanley Clarke: Tiny Desk Concert CeCe Winans: Tiny Desk Concert Wiz Khalifa: Tiny Desk Concert Amerie: Tiny Desk Concert E-40: Tiny Desk Concert Ruby Ibarra: Tiny Desk Concert The Cast of Buena Vista Social Club: Tiny Desk Concert ARTEMIS: Tiny Desk Concert Death Becomes Her: Tiny Desk Concert Carín León: Tiny Desk Concert Beth Gibbons: Tiny Desk Concert Katie Gavin: Tiny Desk Concert Jeff Parker ETA IVtet: Tiny Desk Concert SUNSET BLVD.: Tiny Desk Concert PJ Sin Suela: Tiny Desk Concert Madison McFerrin: Tiny Desk Concert Grupo Frontera: Tiny Desk Concert Gypsy: Tiny Desk Concert Sharon Isbin & Amjad Ali Khan's Strings for Peace: Tiny Desk Concert Panda Bear: Tiny Desk Concert Illuminati Hotties: Tiny Desk Concert Yu Sakai feat. TBN Trio: Tiny Desk Concert Nubya Garcia: Tiny Desk Concert Bad Bunny: Tiny Desk Concert REBOLU: Tiny Desk Concert Zar Electrik: Tiny Desk x globalFEST Chocolate Droppa: Tiny Desk Concert Elida Almeida: Tiny Desk x globalFEST Sandbox Percussion: Tiny Desk Concert Julia Bullock & Christian Reif: Tiny Desk Concert Cass McCombs: Tiny Desk Concert Jean-Yves Thibaudet: Tiny Desk Concert Cordae: Tiny Desk Concert Third Eye Blind: Tiny Desk Concert .idk. & Sector 202: Tiny Desk Concert Megan Moroney: Tiny Desk Concert Saya Gray: Tiny Desk Concert Abel Selaocoe: Tiny Desk Concert Jacob Collier: Tiny Desk Concert As the NPR staff gathered to watch his performance, Jacob Collier sprinted full bore down the hallway for his set, hardly able to contain his creative energy or enthusiasm. Jonathan Bailey and Scarlett Johansson in Jurassic World Rebirth. Jasin Boland/Universal Pictures hide caption toggle caption Jasin Boland/Universal Pictures Review What to Watch In theaters now: A post-apocalyptic thriller, a steamy noir and, yes, dinosaurs The newest Jurassic installment is roaring into theaters. Meanwhile, Danielle Deadwyler is determined to defend her family's land in the post-apocalyptic thriller 40 Acres. Jayne Mansfield Hargitay Family/HBO hide caption toggle caption Hargitay Family/HBO Review Pop Culture Happy Hour Mariska Hargitay walks a fine line in 'My Mom Jayne' It's natural to feel some skepticism when a celebrity makes a documentary about their own family. But Law & Order star Mariska Hargitay' tells a story that is both effective and empathetic. Ben Clanton Picture This From caterpillar to butterfly, 'Papilio' grows up in a new picture book Papilio is a picture book told in three parts about three stages of a butterfly's life (there are really four stages but egg time is pretty boring). It's also written and illustrated by three friends. PICTURE THIS: Papilio Listen · 9:45 9:45 Transcript Toggle more options Download Embed Embed < iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5253034/nx-s1-5493618-1" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> Transcript King Charles III and Queen Camilla wave from the balcony of Buckingham Palace during the Coronation of King Charles IIII and Queen Camilla on May 06, 2023 in London, England. Leon Neal/Getty Images/Getty Images Europe hide caption toggle caption Leon Neal/Getty Images/Getty Images Europe Opinion Simon Says A royal seal of approval The Prince and Princess of Wales will join the King and Queen in granting Royal Warrants — a sort of "seal of approval" — on certain goods and services. ESSAY 07-05-25 Listen · 3:05 3:05 Transcript Toggle more options Download Embed Embed < iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5449660/nx-s1-5509417-1" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> Transcript Fireflies light up over a field in Boulder County on June 23, 2025. This image is a composite of several dozen exposures. Kevin J. Beaty/Denverite hide caption toggle caption Kevin J. Beaty/Denverite Scientists are trying to decode Fireflies' bioluminescent blinking CPR News Lampyrid beetles — better known as fireflies or lightning bugs — are far more widespread in the Midwest and eastern U.S. Citizen scientists are capturing detailed images of evening firefly scenes to parse out what, exactly, they're blinking about. Veronica Jones, president of the Altadena Historical Society, looks through the archives. The historical society's building near Christmas Tree Lane survived the Eaton Fire. Erin Stone/LAist hide caption toggle caption Erin Stone/LAist Volunteer historians are racing to record the voices of LA's Eaton Fire survivors LAist 89.3 When the Eaton Fire burned through Altadena, it erased more than homes. It also took family photos, heirlooms and history. Now, a small group of volunteers are working to restore some of that history through the voices of fire survivors. This diagram shows the trajectory of interstellar comet 3I/ATLAS as it passes through the solar system. It will make its closest approach to the Sun in October. NASA/JPL-Caltech hide caption toggle caption NASA/JPL-Caltech Science NASA spots a new comet flying in from a distant star system The newly discovered interstellar visitor is just the third of its kind and fascinates astronomers who hope to learn from it about galaxies far, far away. Debra El (right) rejoices after volunteers are able to get roof lining off of the road in St. Louis following the May 16 tornado. Brian Munoz/St. Louis Public Radio hide caption toggle caption Brian Munoz/St. Louis Public Radio Tornado patterns are changing. Scientists are trying to understand why KCUR 89.3 Tornadoes are becoming more active further east, out of what was traditionally known as tornado alley. That has been on display this year, as Arkansas, Kentucky, Missouri, Illinois, Indiana and Tennessee have seen heavy tornado activity. A strong dollar reinforces America's economic might and helps bring down inflation — but it also hurts exporters. Paul J. Richards/AFP via Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Paul J. Richards/AFP via Getty Images Interview highlights Why is the dollar off to a weak start this year? The U.S. dollar had its worst start this year in more than half a century. Harvard University economics professor Kenneth Rogoff says President Trump is accelerating the decline. Why is the dollar off to a weak start this year? Listen · 4:05 4:05 Transcript Toggle more options Download Embed Embed < iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5453739/nx-s1-5513969-1" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> Transcript Eliana, 22, a migrant from Venezuela, holds her daughter Crismarlees, 3, while being denied entry after attempting to cross through concertina from the U.S. side of the Rio Grande river on March 26, 2024 in El Paso, Texas. Brandon Bell/Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Brandon Bell/Getty Images Fifth Circuit blocks Texas from enforcing immigration law, legal battle continues Texas Public Radio Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton said he'll appeal the surprise ruling. Asia How this long-lost Chinese typewriter from the 1940s changed modern computing The concepts in the MingKwai typewriter underlie how Chinese, Japanese and Korean are typed today. The typewriter, patented in 1946, was found last year in an upstate New York basement. A CHINESE TYPEWRITER Listen · 5:45 5:45 Transcript Toggle more options Download Embed Embed < iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5405452/nx-s1-5512649-1" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> Transcript Elon Musk looks on during a news conference with President Donald Trump in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, DC, on May 30, 2025. Allison Robbert/AFP via Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Allison Robbert/AFP via Getty Images Inside Elon Musk's stellar year at the Texas Capitol KUT 90.5 The billionaire has had a bumpy year on the national level, but he remains one of the most powerful business and political figures in the state. Most of the laws he wanted passed in Texas this year made it through. The U.S. Supreme Court agreed to hear two cases next term that challenge state bans on transgender athletes competing in sports at the school and college level. Andrew Harnik/Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Andrew Harnik/Getty Images Law The Supreme Court will decide if states can ban transgender girls in sports The Supreme Court has agreed to hear two cases in the fall that test state laws banning transgender women and girls from participating in sports at publicly funded institutions. SCOTUS Transgender Sports Cases Listen · 3:56 3:56 Transcript Toggle more options Download Embed Embed < iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5455793/g-s1-76009" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> Transcript Grilling aficionado Jess Larson says grill tongs, an instant-read meat thermometer, a grill spatula and a grill brush are essentials. Photo Illustration by Becky Harlan/NPR hide caption toggle caption Photo Illustration by Becky Harlan/NPR Life Kit A beginner's guide to grilling: How to start a fire, adjust your heat and more Intimidated by grilling? Cooking over an open flame can do that! In this guide, learn the basics from which type of grill to choose, to how to maintain a fire and create different temperature zones, to tips on tools and safety. A beginner's guide to grilling: How to start a fire, adjust your heat and more Listen · 21:02 21:02 Transcript Toggle more options Download Embed Embed < iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/1100686034/1197917247" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> Transcript Sean "Diddy" Combs performs in 2023 at Howard University's Yardfest in Washington, D.C. Thaddaeus McAdams/WireImage/Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Thaddaeus McAdams/WireImage/Getty Images Analysis Sean Combs trial What happens to Sean Combs now? The hip-hop mogul's legal saga has reached an uneasy outcome. Despite a tainted legacy and severed business ties, does his acquittal on the most serious charges leave room for a return? 'I believe all the women': Harlem responds to the Sean Combs verdict WNYC Radio Jennifer Vasquez Sura (right), the wife of Kilmar Abrego Garcia, who was mistakenly deported to El Salvador, stands with supporters during a news conference at CASA's Multicultural Center in Hyattsville, Md., on April 4. Jose Luis Magana/AP hide caption toggle caption Jose Luis Magana/AP National Abrego Garcia says he was severely beaten in Salvadoran prison Kilmar Abrego Garcia, who was mistakenly deported from the U.S. in March, says he was brutally beaten and subjected to psychological torture while held in one of El Salvador's most notorious prisons. Pope Leo's childhood home in Dolton, Ill., is up for auction later this month. Raymond Boyd/Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Raymond Boyd/Getty Images National Pope Leo's scandal-plagued hometown sees a bright future in buying his childhood home Pope Leo grew up in a small brick house in the Chicago suburb of Dolton which is now up for auction. The village's board of trustees voted to buy it, in the hopes of creating a historic attraction. In a high-contrast, black-and-white comic drawing, one person kicks another lying on the ground outside a store's doors, framed by two silhouettes in the foreground observing the scene. Subtle red shading radiates from the point of impact. Connie Jin/NPR hide caption toggle caption Connie Jin/NPR Life Kit How to intervene when someone is harassed or attacked If you find yourself in a situation where you sense someone needs help and you'd like to intervene, follow the "5Ds" to safely deescalate a situation. more from news culture music Read & Listen Home News Culture Music Podcasts & Shows Connect Newsletters Facebook Instagram Press Public Editor Corrections Transcripts Contact & Help About NPR Overview Diversity NPR Network Accessibility Ethics Finances Get Involved Support Public Radio Sponsor NPR NPR Careers NPR Shop NPR Events NPR Extra Terms of Use Privacy Your Privacy Choices Text Only Sponsor Message Sponsor Message Become an NPR sponsor