Pitchfork | The Most Trusted Voice in Music. | Pitchfork Skip to main content Open Navigation Menu Menu Newsletter Search Search News Reviews Best New Music Features Lists Columns Video Open Navigation Menu Menu Newsletter Search Search Pitchfork The Latest Columns Oasis Live ’25 Review: A Gallagher Reunion and a Great British Fantasy By Jazz Monroe July 5, 2025 News Matt Cameron Leaves Pearl Jam After 27 Years as Drummer By Matthew Strauss July 7, 2025 News 8 Songs You Should Listen to Now: This Week’s Pitchfork Selects Playlist By Pitchfork July 7, 2025 News Syd Returns With New Song “Die for This” By Jazz Monroe July 7, 2025 Mark Lipsitz, Bar/None Records Label Manager, Dies at 62 By Nina Corcoran Drake Reflects on Kendrick Lamar Beef Fallout on New Song “What Did I Miss?” By Matthew Strauss Charley Crockett Shares Song From New Album Dollar a Day By Madison Bloom 4 Killed in Shooting Outside Mello Buckzz Record Release Party in Chicago By Jazz Monroe Chance the Rapper, Lil Wayne, and Smino Link Up for New Song and Video “Tree” By Matthew Strauss Show More Reviews Rap Sins Aloud LAZER DIM 700 The underground Atlanta rapper continues his ascent by synthesizing a couple decades of rap into his own off-kilter, off-beat style By Paul A. Thompson Jazz Yowzers Ben LaMar Gay The Chicago musician’s third album is a tighter, more intimate affair than its predecessor, framing soul-baring lyrics in disarmingly simple melodies inspired by blues, gospel, and folk. By Matthew Blackwell Rock Intermission EP Media Puzzle The Australian egg punks present a leaner version of their scuzzy post-punk on an EP filled with programmed drums and rhythmic riffs. By Nina Corcoran Rap MARS IS ELECTRIC Maxo It’s the Los Angeles rapper’s loosest, dreamiest dispatch yet, an enveloping and atmospheric collection that constantly comes together and breaks apart. By Dash Lewis Rock MVD LUV Juan Wauters In a set of sweetly ramshackle songs, the Uruguayan American singer-songwriter celebrates his home city and reflects on the challenges of stability after years spent wandering. By Alex Robert Ross See More More Reviews Pop/R&B Virgin Lorde Lorde’s fourth album returns to the digital, physical sound of Melodrama . While rooted somewhat in her past, it’s a gritty, tender, and often transcendent ode to freedom and transformation. Pop/R&B American Heart Benson Boone Benson Boone’s flair can’t make up for the fact that his songs aren’t very good and that he lacks a unique point of view. Rock I quit Haim On their fourth album, Haim break free from the shackles of whatever and cruise right down the middle of the road. Pop/R&B Addison Addison Rae The girlypop album of summer warrants comparison to Lana, Madonna, and most of all, Britney. Are we ready for Addison? Rock Never Enough Turnstile The biggest band in hardcore grows big enough to encompass electronic rhythms and flute meditation. Its new album winks to outsize expectations but answers to a higher calling. Folk/Country Carrie & Lowell (10th Anniversary Edition) Sufjan Stevens Best New Reissue Sufjan Stevens remains embarrassed by the raw grief of the 2015 album devoted to his late mother. For its 10th anniversary, Jayson Greene reflects on Carrie & Lowell ’s place in his own life. Folk/Country / Pop/R&B Tether Annahstasia Best New Album On a striking debut LP, the Los Angeles musician’s intricate acoustic arrangements and intimate lyrics attest to the strength of her vision; the nuances of her singing speak to the singularity of her voice. Rap Tha Carter VI Lil Wayne Seemingly written and recorded in a very expensive vacuum, the sixth chapter of Wayne’s legacy-making album series would be a disaster, if it mattered at all. Chevron Chevron More From Pitchfork News New Music Releases and Upcoming Albums in 2025 By Pitchfork July 1, 2025 Pop/R&B underscores’ “Music” Is a Big Crush Smash Underscores By Kieran Press-Reynolds July 1, 2025 Columns Sorry, Baby Review: A New and Improved Sundance Darling By Paul A. Thompson June 27, 2025 Columns The Spirit of Atlanta’s Futuristic Era Is Back By Alphonse Pierre July 4, 2025 Photo Gallery Pitchfork Music Festival CDMX 2025 Live Photos By Pitchfork May 6, 2025 Columns 28 Years Later Review: A Zombie Movie for the Dumb Smart Guy By Madison Bloom June 20, 2025 News Rebekah Del Rio, Singer in Mulholland Drive ’s Unforgettable Club Silencio Scene, Dies at 57 By Madison Bloom June 27, 2025 Columns How AI Wreaked Havoc on the Lo-Fi Beat Scene By Kieran Press-Reynolds July 2, 2025 Features Photo Gallery Night Out 2025: Pitchfork and Them’s Showcase for the Future of Queer Music By Olivier Lafontant Photography by Dillon Edlin June 27, 2025 Cover Story Turnstile Blew Up. Now What? By Lawrence Burney Photography by Quinn Batley May 28, 2025 Afterword Brian Wilson’s Symphony of Life By Sam Sodomsky June 13, 2025 5-10-15-20 Haruomi Hosono on the Music That Made Him By Joshua Minsoo Kim June 18, 2025 Sunday Reviews Electronic Uncloseted Aaron-Carl Each Sunday, Pitchfork takes an in-depth look at a significant album from the past, and any record not in our archives is eligible. Today, we look back at a 2002 Detroit long player from a Black queer icon of dance music, an unabashedly gay and transcendent mix of house, ghettotech, R&B, and pure feeling. Rock Learning to Crawl The Pretenders Each Sunday, Pitchfork takes an in-depth look at a significant album from the past, and any record not in our archives is eligible. Today, we look back at Chrissie Hynde’s 1984 reinvention of her band, an album born of tragedy, chaos, and joy that becomes a no-holds-barred emotional rollercoaster. Experimental Chuck Person’s Eccojams Vol. 1 Oneohtrix Point Never Each Sunday, Pitchfork takes an in-depth look at a significant album from the past, and any record not in our archives is eligible. Today, we look back at the woozy, ethereal Daniel Lopatin remixes that summoned vaporwave from the ghosts of the 1980s: a warped cassette tape on a timeless vibe. Rock Are You Experienced The Jimi Hendrix Experience Each Sunday, Pitchfork takes an in-depth look at a significant album from the past, and any record not in our archives is eligible. Today, we look back at the explosive 1967 debut from the short-lived and revolutionary trio, one of the defining articles of rock music. Rock The Nashville Sessions Townes Van Zandt Each Sunday, Pitchfork takes an in-depth look at a significant album from the past, and any record not in our archives is eligible. Today, we look back at what was to be the cult singer-songwriter’s seventh album, shelved and later released in 1993. Its deathly mystique captures the heart and soul of Townes Van Zandt. Folk/Country Kate & Anna McGarrigle Kate & Anna McGarrigle Each Sunday, Pitchfork takes an in-depth look at a significant album from the past, and any record not in our archives is eligible. Today, we look back at a trenchant and heartfelt 1975 classic by two French Canadian Irish sisters steeped in folk tradition. Jazz / Experimental Universal Consciousness Alice Coltrane Each Sunday, Pitchfork takes an in-depth look at a significant album from the past, and any record not in our archives is eligible. Today, we look back at Alice Coltrane’s 1971 avant-garde masterpiece, a furious and unbound collection of experimental jazz and devotional music that ascends to a higher spiritual realm. Pop/R&B / Electronic Melting Moment POiSON GiRL FRiEND Each Sunday, Pitchfork takes an in-depth look at a significant album from the past, and any record not in our archives is eligible. Today, we look back at the 1992 cult classic that introduced a Japanese underground icon’s intoxicating blend of trip-hop, UK club, yé-yé, and dream pop. Chevron Chevron The most trusted voice in music Instagram X Facebook YouTube Tiktok More From Pitchfork Video Lists & Guides Podcast Masthead RSS Events Pitchfork Music Festival Chicago Pitchfork Music Festival London Pitchfork Music Festival Paris Pitchfork Music Festival CDMX All Events User Agreement Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Newsletter RSS Feeds Contact Accessibility Help Advertising © 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Pitchfork may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices CN Entertainment