× Skip to main content Click to expand the Mega Menu Got A Tip? Rollingstone Logo Rollingstone Logo Log In Account Welcome Manage Account Manage Print Account Sign Out Click to expand the Mega Menu Music Politics TV & Movies Culture RS Recommends Click to Expand Search Input Click to expand the Mega Menu Click to Expand Search Input Rollingstone Logo Got A Tip? Account Welcome Manage Account Manage Print Account Sign Out Log In How to Help Texas Flood Victims Central Texas was devastated by heavy rains flooding the Guadalupe River. Here are the organizations helping the recovery By Nikki McCann Ramirez El Salvador Admits U.S. Has Custody of Migrants Trump Sent to Prison There The U.S. has exclusive jurisdiction and responsibility over migrants Trump sent to prison in El Salvador, according to filings at the United Nations By Nikki McCann Ramirez and Andrew Perez What You Need to Know About the Australian Poison Mushroom Case Erin Patterson, 50, claimed it was a tragic accident, but a jury believed that she had meant to serve her extended family a poisoned lunch By Brenna Ehrlich Welcome to MULA’s Electro-Merengue Utopia The trailblazing Dominican trio discuss making their darkwave-inflected new album ETERNA and celebrating small-town queerness By Richard Villegas ‘They’re Gonna Be So Mad’: Trump Admin Braces for MAGA Revolt Over Epstein Memo Right-wing conspiracists are again up in arms that the Justice Department isn't prosecuting anyone else connected to the late sex trafficker Listless By Miles Klee and Asawin Suebsaeng All the Drummers Who Played in Pearl Jam drumline By Andy Greene Happy Birthday, ‘Clueless’: 30 Years of Rollin’ with the Homies there goes our social life By Rob Sheffield Music Now Why Did Bruce Springsteen Hide So Many Albums in His Vault? Songs You Need To Know Best New Music: Karol G, Cardi B, Lorde peak piano man The 50 Best Billy Joel Songs Here Comes the Quiz The World’s Hardest Beatles ‘Abbey Road’ Quiz Jason Isaacs Calls Out 'Racist' Critics Being 'Rude' About Paapa Essiedu's Snape Casting "They will be swallowing their tongues," said the Harry Potter alum By Charisma Madarang Karol G Invites Fans to Go Behind the Scenes of Her 'Papasito' Video From the choreography to the costumes, the singer reveals how the electric video was made By Charisma Madarang Fall Out Boy's Joe Trohman Steps Away From Tour to Undergo Hand Surgery Trohman said that the band will continue with the rest of their shows for the year By Charisma Madarang Essence Fest Owns Up to Delays After Lauryn Hill Played to a Nearly Empty Arena at 2:30 A.M. Opening night of the annual New Orleans event featured an overstuffed lineup and was beset by scheduling problems By Jon Blistein RZA Spent His Birthday Jamming Out to Phish At their show in Boulder, the jam greats gave the Wu-Tang mastermind a shout out during their cover of the Talking Heads' "Crosseyed and Painless" By Jon Blistein Lewis Capaldi Is Ready to Release New EP After ‘Crying Quite a Lot’ in Therapy for Two Years On Good Morning America , the musician revealed his album release timeline and detailed his experience returning to the spotlight after an extended hiatus to focus on his mental and physical health By Larisha Paul Kneecap Don’t Back Down in New Video for ‘The Recap’ The embattled Irish hip-hop group addresses its recent controversies in a new clip for their current single By David Browne Read more Cover Story How Sabrina Carpenter Dream-Come-True’d Her Whole Life She’s the joke-cracking, wildly ambitious pop superstar we need. And she’s just warming up By Angie Martoccio 100 Best Movies of the 21st Century From Moonlight to Parasite, documentaries to superhero epics — our picks for the greatest movies of the past 25 years By Rolling Stone Music Lists The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time By Rolling Stone Photo Gallery Jim Marshall’s Unseen Grateful Dead In a career immersed in rock & roll photography, the late Jim Marshall was long associated with certain iconic images: Johnny Cash flashing his middle finger at San Quentin, Bob Dylan and Suze Rotolo walking the streets of Greenwich Village, Jimi Hendrix thrusting his left arm out during his soundcheck for Monterey Pop. But Marshall’s […] By David Browne Life after death My Best Friend’s Murder Was a Tabloid Circus. Now, I’m Looking for the Truth When Nicole DuFresne was killed in New York in 2005, the media twisted the narrative by latching onto a phrase that fell out of her mouth: “What are you going to do, shoot us?” By Mary Jane Gibson Killing Time The Worst Parts of Trump and the GOP’s Disastrous Tax Bill The keystone of the president’s legislative agenda is a disaster for the environment, health care, and the nation’s dignity By Nikki McCann Ramirez , Ryan Bort , and Tim Dickinson Big Apple, Big Lies Debunking All the B.S. About Zohran Mamdani By Miles Klee The Best Sounding Wireless Earbuds of 2025: Tried and Tested audio that amazes Prime Video Just Brought Back Its Best Streaming Deals for Prime Day — Save Up to 92% on Paramount+, Starz, and More streaming deals The 2025 Rolling Stone Travel Awards Best of the Best Amazon Prime Day 2025: Here’s What We Know About the Summer Shopping Event (and the Best Early Deals) Mark Your Calendars Make a Break for It: Why It’s Worth Booking Your Next Summer Getaway With IHG Hotels & Resorts More Editors’ Picks “Enjoying yourself has become an act of resistance. Action is the antidote to despair.” Joan Baez on America Under Trump: ‘It Feels Like Torn Fabric’ By David Browne Rolling Stone Reports Tear Gas, Human Stampedes, and ICE Raids: 100 Hours in L.A. Inside the Billion-Dollar Effort to Make Trump Feel Good About Himself Garland Jeffreys Was One of Rock’s Most Essential Voices. Where Did He Go? Inside the CIA’s Secret Afghan Army Read More More News RZA Spent His Birthday Jamming Out to Phish At their show in Boulder, the jam greats gave the Wu-Tang mastermind a shout out during their cover of the Talking Heads' "Crosseyed and Painless" 36 Farmhouses By Jon Blistein Lewis Capaldi Is Ready to Release New EP After ‘Crying Quite a Lot’ in Therapy for Two Years On Good Morning America , the musician revealed his album release timeline and detailed his experience returning to the spotlight after an extended hiatus to focus on his mental and physical health Lewis Locks In By Larisha Paul Kneecap Don’t Back Down in New Video for ‘The Recap’ The embattled Irish hip-hop group addresses its recent controversies in a new clip for their current single ERIN GO BRAG By David Browne Drake’s ‘Iceman’ Era Could Be a Misstep if It’s Too Focused on Beef The embattled rap icon's new record sounds invigorated, but feels a year late, and less convincing with the UMG lawsuit Cold War By Andre Gee Shakira, Maren Morris, Matthew McConaughey Speak Out on Texas Floods as Death Toll Rises Celebrities are taking to social media to share reactions and relief resources after dangerous flash floods ravaged areas of central Texas and claimed more than 80 lives Texas Flash Floods By Larisha Paul Bowzer, the Guy from Sha Na Na, Is Trying to Protect Your Health Care From Trump Now a leading advocate for government-funded health care, Jon Bauman is “disgusted” by Trump’s recently passed law: “This Big Ugly Bill is going to have terrible consequences” greaser is the word By David Browne Read more Content by RS culture council What's This? Opinions expressed are solely those of the author and do not reflect the views of Rolling Stone editors or publishers.Content is produced and managed by the Rolling Stone Culture Council, a fee-based, invitation-only membership community, operated by Culture Council, LLC, under license from Rolling Stone Licensing, LLC. Visit council.rollingstone.com to find out if you qualify to be a member. Questions about an article? Email concierge@rollingstonecouncil.com . Read More 10 Expert-Backed Tips to Shine With Confidence on Live Media Nine Ways to Spot the Right Hire, Right Away What Influencers Need To Know To Build a Career in Hollywood Beyond Handshakes: Building Connections That Fuel Your Business Growth The Law of 1,000 Conversations: What If Connection, Not Time, Was the True Path to Mastery? Read More Go to PMC.com Most Popular Brad Pitt Says His 'Ford v Ferrari' Movie With Tom Cruise Got Axed After Cruise Found Out He 'Would Not Be Driving Much in the Movie' Michael Madsen, ‘Reservoir Dogs’ Actor, Dies at 67 Jeff Bezos & Lauren Sanchez Are Reportedly 'Livid' About One Star's Ruthless Criticism of Their Wedding MLB’s Two Worst Teams Play Today. The Game Is Sold Out. You might also like ‘Superman’ First Reactions Say Film ‘Soars’ as a ‘Thrilling Start’ to James Gunn’s DC Universe; David Corenswet Is ‘Exceptional’ Sharing ‘Off The Charts’ Chemistry With Rachel Brosnahan 3 hours ago Laneige’s Viral 'Beautiful & Glossy' Glaze Craze Lip Serum Is 20% Off for 24 Hours This Prime Day 2 hours ago Nicole Miller Signs Deal With Tycoon Enterprises for Licensing Program in Mexico and Latin America 3 hours ago An Auteur Is Born with Embeth Davidtz’s ‘Don’t Let’s Go to the Dogs Tonight’ 11 hours ago David Levy Joins Arctos Sports Partners As Senior Adviser (EXCLUSIVE) 5 years ago Rolling Stone Music Politics TV & Movies Culture Staff Contact Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use AdChoices PMC Entertainment California Privacy Rights Your Privacy Choices EU Privacy Preferences Accessibility Policy on Anonymous Sources Follow Us Facebook Instagram TikTok X YouTube Newsletter Signup Enter Your Email Subscribe Got a Hot News Tip? We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form. Send Us a Tip By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy .
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Our Sites Art in America Artforum ARTnews Billboard BlogHer Deadline Flow Space Gold Derby IndieWire Robb Report Rolling Stone SheKnows Soaps Sourcing Journal Sportico StyleCaster The Hollywood Reporter TVLine Variety Vibe WWD Log In Welcome Manage Account Manage Print Account Sign Out Music News Features Lists Album Reviews Live Reviews Artists You Need To Know Songs You Need To Know RS Country RS Latin Politics News Features Lists TV & Movies News Features Lists Recaps Reviews Video & Photos Photos Videos The Cover Musicians on Musicians RS LIVE Culture News Features Lists Creators RS Gaming RS Films RS Recommends Reviews RS Essentials RS Audio Awards Gift Guides Culture Council Subscription Icon Follow Us Facebook Instagram TikTok X YouTube Alerts & Newsletters Email Address By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy .
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. ad