Smashing Magazine — For Web Designers And Developers Skip to main content Jump to list of all articles Jump to all topics Articles Books Events Membership Newsletter Job Board Podcasts Write for us Advertise with us More Less Menu Less Articles Books Events Membership Newsletter Job Board Podcasts Write for us Advertise with us Clear Search Accessibility UX CSS JavaScript Performance Design Figma Wallpapers React Vue Round-Ups Web Design Guides Business Career Privacy Jump to all articles ↬ Vitaly Friedman wrote Design Guidelines For Better Notifications UX Jul 7, 2025 in UX , Design Patterns , Guides As always in design, timing matters, and so do timely notifications. Let’s explore how we might improve the notifications UX. More design patterns in our Smart Interface Design Patterns , a friendly video course on UX and design patterns by Vitaly — from complex data tables and nested filters to FAQs and error messages. Continue reading ↬ Gabriel Shoyombo / Jul 2, 2025 in CSS , Coding , Techniques CSS Intelligence: Speculating On The Future Of A Smarter Language Paul Boag / Jul 1, 2025 in User Research , UX , Design Turning User Research Into Real Organizational Change Email Newsletter Useful front-end & UX tips, delivered once a week. With tools to help you get your work done better. Subscribe and get Vitaly’s Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF — in your inbox. 🎁 Your (smashing) email On front-end & UX . Trusted by 207,000+ folks. Accessible Front-End Components Reliable accessible UI components: :focus styles, modals, date pickers, navigation, tables, buttons, SVGs. Explore Accessible Components CSS Generators & Tools Useful CSS tools for animations, shadows, cubic-bezier curves, easing gradients, filters, overlays, type scales. Explore CSS Generators Front-End Boilerplates & Starter Kits HTML boilerplates, CSS resets, forms, dev themes, gitignore, CSS snippets, static sites, style guides. Explore Front-End Boilerplates See All Guides Latest Posts Cosima Mielke wrote Never Stop Exploring (July 2025 Wallpapers Edition) July is just around the corner, and that means it’s time for a new collection of desktop wallpapers. Created with love by artists and designers from across the globe, they are bound to bring some good vibes to your screen. Enjoy! June 30, 2025 in Wallpapers Carrie Webster wrote Can Good UX Protect Older Users From Digital Scams? As online scams become more sophisticated, Carrie Webster explores whether good UX can serve as a frontline defense, particularly for non-tech-savvy older users navigating today’s digital world. June 25, 2025 in UX , Design , User Interface Myriam Frisano wrote Decoding The SVG path Element: Curve And Arc Commands On her quest to teach you how to code vectors by hand, Myriam Frisano’s second installment of a path deep dive explores the most complex aspects of SVG’s most powerful element. She’ll help you understand the underlying rules and function of how curves and arcs are constructed. By the end of it, your toolkit is ready to tackle all types of tasks required to draw with code — even if some of the lines twist and turn. June 23, 2025 in CSS , Coding , Techniques Vitaly Friedman wrote Meet Accessible UX Research, A Brand-New Smashing Book Meet “Accessible UX Research,” our upcoming book to make your UX research inclusive. Learn how to recruit, plan, and design with disabled participants in mind. Print shipping in August 2025. eBook available for download later this summer. Pre-order the book. June 20, 2025 in UX , Accessibility , Smashing Books Join 1,916 Smashing Members A friendly community for people who design and build the web. With books, workshops, goodies and early-birds — for just 1 coffee a month. Take a look around. Join the community ↬ Already have an account? Sign in! Victor Ayomipo wrote CSS Cascade Layers Vs. BEM Vs. Utility Classes: Specificity Control CSS can be unpredictable — and specificity is often the culprit. Victor Ayomipo breaks down how and why your styles might not behave as expected, and why understanding specificity is better than relying on !important . June 19, 2025 in CSS , Coding , Techniques Eric Bailey wrote What I Wish Someone Told Me When I Was Getting Into ARIA Accessible Rich Internet Applications (ARIA) is an inevitability when working on web accessibility. That said, it’s everyone’s first time learning about ARIA at some point. June 16, 2025 in Accessibility , Coding , Guides Blake Lundquist wrote Creating The “Moving Highlight” Navigation Bar With JavaScript And CSS In this tutorial, Blake Lundquist walks us through two methods of creating the “moving-highlight” navigation pattern using only plain JavaScript and CSS. The first technique uses the getBoundingClientRect method to explicitly animate the border between navigation bar items when they are clicked. The second approach achieves the same functionality using the new View Transition API. June 11, 2025 in JavaScript , Animation , Coding Myriam Frisano wrote Decoding The SVG path Element: Line Commands SVG is easy — until you meet path . However, it’s not as confusing as it initially looks. In this first installment of a pair of articles, Myriam Frisano aims to teach you the basics of <path> and its sometimes mystifying commands. With simple examples and visualizations, she’ll help you understand the easy syntax and underlying rules of SVG’s most powerful element so that by the end, you’re fully able to translate SVG semantic tags into a language path understands. June 9, 2025 in SVG , Coding , Techniques See More Latest Articles That’s The Smashing Family. Smashing Magazine is so much more than articles. Smashing Books 14 printed books and 67 eBooks . Written for web developers, designers and marketeers. Jump to books ↬ Free airmail shipping wordlwide. No ifs or buts. Smashing Workshops Online workshops with experts. Broken into 2.5h-segments, with interactive, live sessions. Jump to workshops ↬ 2.5h live sessions, with video recordings and Q&A. Smashing Job Board Helping designers and developers find great jobs, and connect with great companies. Jump to jobs ↬ Freelancers and full-time, in front-end & UX. Smashing Membership A friendly community for people who design and build the web. With discounts, goodies and fancy cats. Jump to Membership ↬ For just 1 coffee a month. Smashing Newsletter Weekly tips on front-end & UX, delivered straight to your inbox. Just practical stuff that you can use. Jump to Newsletter ↬ You can unsubscribe with 1 click any time. Winter 2024–2025 • New Workshops Boost Your Skills Online, On Front-End, Design & UX Meet Smashing Workshops , with practical, actionable insights from experts — live. With interactive exercises, slides, video recordings and a friendly Q&A. Explore all speakers and topics → Community Links Person Of The Week Indi Young is a solution strategy researcher who, over a 30-year span, created a method that lets teams clarify, measure, and grow their solutions and audience based on thinking styles. Focused on people, not “users,” Indi spends the majority of her time helping spread techniques, confidence, and humanity among UX and Product practitioners. She works with teams on knowledge-building projects, teaches applied research courses, gives talks, and shares resources on her website . Indi is also the author of the books Time to Listen , Practical Empathy , and Mental Models . Thank you for everything you do for the community, dear Indi! Allen Pike wrote Post-Chat UI July 4, 2025 — Chat-based AI is powerful but also daunting, unintuitive, and an awkward way to do many kinds of work. So, how is AI making our products more useful, if not via chat? Allen Pike shares some interesting UX patterns . Kim Flaherty wrote Indicators, Validations, And Notifications July 3, 2025 — Status feedback is crucial to the success of any system. Kim Flaherty explores the differences between three common communication methods to help you choose the best option for each need. Ron Goldin wrote The False Confidence Of AI July 2, 2025 — AI is powerful, but we shouldn’t trust it unquestioningly. Ron Goldin explores the problem with false confidence that many AI agents have and what we can do to not fall into frustrating and potentially dangerous traps. Kelley Gordon wrote Design Specs For Development July 1, 2025 — Design specs help designers communicate designs to a development team. But what do you need to keep in mind to ensure your design specs are clear and efficient? Kelley Gordon shares valuable tips . Saron Yitbarek wrote Scroll-Driven Animations With CSS June 30, 2025 — Scroll-driven animations have traditionally required third-party libraries and JavaScript. But now we can achieve them with nothing more than a few lines of CSS. Saron Yitbarek shows how it works . Declan Chidlow wrote Printing The Web June 27, 2025 — Print stylesheets are often neglected, but making a website look good on paper also comes with beneficial byproducts which improve the experience on screen. Declan Chidlow explains how to use and debug print stylesheets . More links on Twitter Browse All Smashing Magazine Topics Accessibility Best practices Business Career Checklists CSS Data Visualization Design Design Patterns Design Systems E-Commerce Figma Freebies HTML Illustrator Inspiration JavaScript Mobile Performance Privacy React Responsive Design Round-Ups SEO Typography Tools UI Usability UX Vue Wallpapers Web Design Workflow With a commitment to quality content for the design community. Founded by Vitaly Friedman and Sven Lennartz . 2006–2025 . Smashing is proudly running on Netlify , TinaCMS and Swell . Fonts by Latinotype . ✎ Write for us Contact us About us (Impressum) Privacy policy Membership login Delivery times Advertise Back to top