Your Career in Web Development Starts Here | The Odin Project Close sidebar Close menu Odin Logo Home icon Home All Paths icon All Paths About icon About Support Us icon Support Us Community icon Community Get started icon Get started theme icon Light mode Sign in icon Sign in Odin Logo All Paths About Community Support us Sign in theme icon Get Started Open mobile menu Open mobile menu Your Career in Web Development Starts Here Our full stack curriculum is free and supported by a passionate open source community. View Full Curriculum How it works This is the website we wish we had when we were learning on our own. We scour the internet looking for only the best resources to supplement your learning and present them in a logical order. Learn Learn from a curriculum with the best curated online tutorials, blogs, and courses. Build Build dozens of portfolio-worthy projects along the way, from simple scripts to full programs and deployed websites. Connect You're not alone. Learn and get help from our friendly community of beginner and experienced developers. Learn everything you need to know Intermediate HTML and CSS Advanced HTML and CSS Databases JavaScript React NodeJS Ruby on Rails Ruby Getting Hired Explore curriculum Success Stories Rob Pando TOP was a perfect match for my learning style. Not walking me through an entire project but actually forcing me to figure it out on my own, by pointing me... Cody Loyd Before I started the Odin Project I had literally ZERO programming experience. After almost exactly a year of working through the program, I was offered a job as a front... Andrej Dragojević An incredible self-paced curriculum that consists of the best resources for learning programming on the web! It was an invaluable resource on my path to a becoming a software developer. ... Skip Gibson Before I found The Odin Project I had very little direction with my learning, jumping from topic to topic then trying to piece things together as I went. Having this... Read more success stories Support us! The Odin Project is funded by the community. Join us in empowering learners around the globe by supporting The Odin Project! Learn more Donate now Footer Odin Logo High quality coding education maintained by an open source community. GitHub GitHub GitHub logo Discord Discord Discord logo Facebook Facebook Facebook logo Twitter Twitter Twitter logo About us About Team Blog Success Stories Support FAQ Contribute Contact us Guides Community guides Installation guides Legal Terms Privacy © 2025 The Odin Project. All rights reserved.