The Verge Skip to main content The Verge The Verge logo. Tech Reviews Science Entertainment AI Hamburger Navigation Button Hamburger Navigation Button Navigation Drawer The Verge The Verge logo. Login / Sign Up close Close Search Tech Expand All Tech Amazon Apple Facebook Google Microsoft Samsung Business Creators Mobile Policy Security Transportation Reviews Expand All Reviews Buying Guides Deals Gift Guide Laptops Phones Headphones Tablets Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Drones Science Expand All Science Space Energy Environment Health COVID-19 Entertainment Expand All Entertainment Games TV Shows Movies Audio AI Cars Expand All Cars Electric Cars Autonomous Cars Ride-Sharing Scooters Other Transportation Features Videos Expand All Videos YouTube TikTok Instagram Podcasts Expand All Podcasts Decoder The Vergecast Newsletters Expand All Newsletters Command Line Installer Notepad Verge Deals Store Subscribe Facebook Threads Instagram Youtube RSS The Verge The Verge logo. Tesla’s real struggles have only just begun Trump’s budget bill could cost Tesla billions of dollars in credit sales. And Elon Musk’s promise to create a third political party is creating its own headaches. Andrew J. Hawkins Jul 7 Comments Comment Icon Bubble Top Stories 1 xAI updated Grok to be more ‘politically incorrect’ Hayden Field Jul 7 Comments Comment Icon Bubble xAI updated Grok to be more ‘politically incorrect’ Hayden Field Jul 7 Comments Comment Icon Bubble 2 The Verge’s summer ‘in’ and ‘out’ list Mia Sato Jul 6 Comments Comment Icon Bubble The Verge’s summer ‘in’ and ‘out’ list Mia Sato Jul 6 Comments Comment Icon Bubble 3 Epic reaches mystery settlement with Samsung days before new Galaxy phones Sean Hollister Jul 7 Comments Comment Icon Bubble Epic reaches mystery settlement with Samsung days before new Galaxy phones Sean Hollister Jul 7 Comments Comment Icon Bubble 4 Nintendo wants to keep ‘traditional approach’ to development as costs skyrocket Andrew Webster Jul 7 Comments Comment Icon Bubble Nintendo wants to keep ‘traditional approach’ to development as costs skyrocket Andrew Webster Jul 7 Comments Comment Icon Bubble 5 0 Here are 33 of our favorite deals from Amazon’s early Prime Day sale Brandt Ranj and Sheena Vasani Jul 6 Comments Comment Icon Bubble 0 Here are 33 of our favorite deals from Amazon’s early Prime Day sale Brandt Ranj and Sheena Vasani Jul 6 Comments Comment Icon Bubble Today’s Storystream Feed refreshed 1:03 AM UTC gotta hear both sides R External Link Richard Lawler 1:03 AM UTC Link Meta’s ‘superintelligence’ hiring spree adds an AI leader from Apple. Bloomberg reports that Mark Zuckerberg’s latest high-priced AI hire is Apple’s foundation AI model leader, Ruoming Pang, based on an offer worth “tens of millions of dollars per year,” plus Yuanzhi Li from OpenAI and Anton Bakhtin from Anthropic. Last week, former Apple AI lead Daniel Gross confirmed his departure from the startup Safe Superintelligence Inc. , reportedly also to join Meta’s team . Bloomberg’s sources said Pang’s departure “...could be the start of a string of exits.” Apple Loses Top AI Models Executive to Meta’s Hiring Spree [ bloomberg.com ] 8 Verge Score The best Fitbits for your fitness and health Whether you want a basic fitness tracker or a smartwatch, there’s a Fitbit for everyone — though the best Fitbit smartwatch isn’t technically a Fitbit. Victoria Song Jul 7 Comments Comment Icon Bubble The American system of democracy has crashed Some patriotic reflections on this Independence Day. Elizabeth Lopatto and Sarah Jeong Jul 4 Comments Comment Icon Bubble Advertiser Content From This is the title for the native ad News News Apple just added more frost to its Liquid Glass design Emma Roth Jul 7 Comments Comment Icon Bubble News News Microsoft’s Edge browser now loads sites even faster Andrew Liszewski Jul 7 Comments Comment Icon Bubble 0 Gaming Gaming The next Switch 2 restock kicks off at 7PM ET online at Walmart Sheena Vasani Jul 7 Comments Comment Icon Bubble Most Popular Most Popular 1 Specs leak for three Samsung foldables ahead of Wednesday’s Unpacked Dominic Preston Jul 7 2 TikTok’s ‘ban’ problem could end soon with a new app and a sale Richard Lawler Jul 6 3 Samsung is about to find out if Ultra is enough Allison Johnson Jul 5 4 Tesla’s real struggles have only just begun Andrew J. Hawkins Jul 7 5 The Verge’s summer ‘in’ and ‘out’ list Mia Sato Jul 6 A External Link Andrew Webster Jul 7 Link “Romero Games is not closed.” The studio has responded to reports from last week claiming that, after funding for its current game was pulled, it was closing down altogether. Now the developer says that it is “doing everything in our power to ensure that it does not come to that.” And there’s more good news: it appears there’s some publisher interest in keeping the game alive. Romero Games (@romerogames.bsky.social) [ bsky.app ] T External Link Tina Nguyen Jul 7 Link Do you have the inclination to watch Newsmax abroad, for some reason? Trump Media Technology Group, which owns Truth Social, announced Monday that it was rolling out its streaming service Truth+ worldwide, allowing international viewers who have really, really craved more right-wing news to finally watch Newsmax. Trump Media launches TV streaming platform with Newsmax channel globally [ reuters.com ] A guide to the best sci-fi streaming this summer Foundation and Strange New Worlds return, while Alien: Earth and Eyes of Wakanda will make their debuts. Andrew Webster Jul 3 Comments Comment Icon Bubble News News Trump’s next tariffs will target South Korea and Japan Emma Roth Jul 7 Comments Comment Icon Bubble News News Bluesky can really keep up with the news now that it has activity notifications Richard Lawler Jul 7 Comments Comment Icon Bubble 0 Tech The Verge’s guide to Amazon Prime Day 2025 Apple’s latest AirPods are already on sale for $99 before Prime Day Brandt Ranj Jul 7 Comments Comment Icon Bubble Just For You Just For You 9 Verge Score Lenovo Chromebook Plus 14 review: the new king of Chromebooks ﻿An OLED display, a fast processor, 16GB of RAM, and all-day battery life for $749? That’s a lot to like. Antonio G. Di Benedetto Jul 6 Comments Comment Icon Bubble News News Wicked’s Jon M. Chu will direct Mattel’s live-action Hot Wheels movie Andrew Liszewski Jul 7 Comments Comment Icon Bubble E External Link Emma Roth Jul 7 Link AI “hyperscaler” CoreWeave will acquire Core Scientific for $9 billion. CoreWeave , which has multibillion-dollar cloud computing deals with OpenAI and Microsoft , has announced plans to buy Core Scientific, a digital infrastructure provider for crypto mining and AI. CoreWeave says the acquisition will help “enhance operating efficiency and de-risk our future expansion.” CoreWeave to acquire Core Scientific in $9 billion all-stock deal [ cnbc.com ] A Andrew Liszewski Jul 7 Link The FolderDrive puts your files in your pocket. Inspired by the folder icon in macOS, David Delahunty originally teased their concept design for the FolderDrive on X a few weeks ago, but there was enough positive feedback for them to partner with Super Fantastic to make it a real thing. Pricing isn’t known but the first run of the FolderDrive , featuring 128GB of storage and a USB-C port on the bottom, will be limited to just 100 units. Previous Next 1 / 3 There are no pricing or performance details yet for the FolderDrive, but it will feature 128GB of storage. Image: Super Fantastic Deerhoof did not want its music ‘funding AI battle tech’ — so it ditched Spotify Drummer Greg Saunier explains the moral calculus behind leaving the biggest streaming platform. Elizabeth Lopatto Jul 3 Comments Comment Icon Bubble News News Apple’s 5th Ave store spray-painted to protest ‘climate hypocrisy’ Emma Roth Jul 7 Comments Comment Icon Bubble Tech Tech See all Tech Specs leak for three Samsung foldables ahead of Wednesday’s Unpacked Dominic Preston Jul 7 TikTok’s ‘ban’ problem could end soon with a new app and a sale Richard Lawler Jul 6 Comments Comment Icon Bubble The best Fitbits for your fitness and health Victoria Song Jul 7 Comments Comment Icon Bubble How SharkNinja took over the home, with CEO Mark Barrocas The head of the home appliance giant on grilling, product design, and the future of viral marketing. Nilay Patel Jul 7 Comments Comment Icon Bubble A Andrew Liszewski Jul 7 Link Stranger Fits. Netflix and New Era have teamed up for a collection of six new hats ranging in price from $31.99 for adjustable options to $47.99 for fitted ones. It includes two Squid Game styles and a couple of Stranger Things designs with the most subtle of the two featuring an upside down version of the New Era logo. If you prefer to embrace advertising like Netflix did , there are also two hats featuring the streaming platform’s logo. Previous Next 1 / 6 Image: Netflix News News Now you can just tell SmartThings how to automate your home Jennifer Pattison Tuohy Jul 7 Comments Comment Icon Bubble 6 Verge Score Whoop MG review: a big whoop for a small crowd I regret to say it’s still only athletes who should give a whoop about Whoop. Victoria Song Jul 3 Comments Comment Icon Bubble D Dominic Preston Jul 7 Link Ugreen winds up a retractable range. We love retractable cables , so it’s great to see Ugreen double down on the design. The company already offered wall and car chargers with pull-out cables, but now adds faster charging 65W and 145W versions, along with a 20K power bank and a 100W-rated USB-C cable. The range is out now from Ugreen and Amazon , priced from $15.99 for the cable to $99.99 for the power bank, with a few Prime Day deals dropping the cost this week. Image: Ugreen News News Destiny’s mobile spinoff will arrive in August Jess Weatherbed Jul 7 Comments Comment Icon Bubble Podcasts Podcasts See all Podcasts 1 How SharkNinja took over the home, with CEO Mark Barrocas Nilay Patel Jul 7 Comments Comment Icon Bubble 2 The movie and TV tech we actually want to use David Pierce Jul 1 Comments Comment Icon Bubble 3 Why Automattic CEO Matt Mullenweg went to war over WordPress Nilay Patel Jun 30 Comments Comment Icon Bubble 4 What Meta and Anthropic really won in court David Pierce Jun 27 Comments Comment Icon Bubble 5 Tesla’s robotaxi reality check David Pierce Jun 24 Comments Comment Icon Bubble D External Link Dominic Preston Jul 7 Link “Human error.” That’s where Wimbledon organizers placed the blame after the Hawk-Eye electronic line-calling system failed to call a ball out yesterday. It turns out it had somehow gotten switched off. New to Wimbledon this year, but in place across almost every other tennis tournament, the system’s accuracy has also been questioned by players . A spokesperson says the tournament still has “full confidence” in the tech, the data from which now underpins the sport . Wimbledon 2025: Organisers apologise after missing three calls after electronic line-calling system deactivated in one game [ bbc.co.uk ] Can the music industry make AI the next Napster? Turns out copyright law in music is special — and the record labels are bringing out the big guns. Elizabeth Lopatto Jul 1 Comments Comment Icon Bubble News News Windows 11 has finally overtaken Windows 10 as the most used desktop OS Tom Warren Jul 7 Comments Comment Icon Bubble News News Specs leak for three Samsung foldables ahead of Wednesday’s Unpacked Dominic Preston Jul 7 Comments Comment Icon Bubble J External Link Jess Weatherbed Jul 7 Link Apple appeals its $580 million EU penalty. This expected development follows App Store changes being introduced in June to avoid being slapped with additional fines for violating anti-steering rules under the EU’s DMA . Apple spokesperson Peter Ajemian sent the following statement to The Verge : “Today we filed our appeal because we believe the European Commission’s decision—and their unprecedented fine—go far beyond what the law requires. As our appeal will show, the EC is mandating how we run our store and forcing business terms which are confusing for developers and bad for users. We implemented this to avoid punitive daily fines and will share the facts with the Court.” Apple Appeals ‘Unprecedented’ €500 Million EU App Store Fine [ bloomberg.com ] J Jess Weatherbed Jul 7 Link It’s almost time for new Galaxy Watches. Some images that reportedly show the new Galaxy Watch 8 (40mm/44mm dial size), Watch 8 Classic (46mm), and Watch Ultra (47mm) have leaked ahead of the Samsung Unpacked event on Wednesday , where they’re expected to be officially unveiled. The round body of the Watch and Watch Classic has notably been updated to the round watch face and squircle body design used by the Ultra, alongside other changes and specification upgrades . Previous Next 1 / 5 Leaker Roland Quandt posted what appear to be marketing images of the Galaxy Watch 8... Image: Roland Quandt Science Science See all Science RFK Jr.’s plan to put ‘AI’ in everything is a disaster Lauren Leffer Jul 3 DJI gets serious about portable power Thomas Ricker Jul 2 Comments Comment Icon Bubble Apple’s 5th Ave store spray-painted to protest ‘climate hypocrisy’ Emma Roth Jul 7 Comments Comment Icon Bubble D External Link Dominic Preston Jul 7 Link Spotify can now Jam with Android Auto. Google first announced an overhauled Spotify app for Android Auto back at I/O 2025, and 9to5Google reports that it’s now arrived. Spotify Premium users can start Jam sessions in their cars, allowing even free users to join in and add songs to a shared queue. The app’s had a wider redesign too, with a more prominent section for downloaded tracks and proper support for Spotify’s search functionality. Android Auto gets redesigned Spotify app with 'Jam' support & more [Gallery] [ 9to5google.com ] J External Link Jess Weatherbed Jul 7 Link F1 is Apple’s new polesitter. The racing drama is now Apple’s highest-grossing movie to date after generating $293 million at the global box office over the last ten days, overtaking the $221 million total intake set by Ridley Scott’s Napoleon in 2023 . It’s a short leaderboard given that Apple has only released five films theatrically, however, and it already covers the $250 million that F1 cost to produce. ‘F1’ Overtakes ‘Napoleon’ as Apple’s Highest-Grossing Film With $293 Million [ variety.com ] R Richard Lawler Jul 6 Link Check out GoPro’s next 360-degree camera. CEO and founder Nick Woodman told fans years ago that the company’s next GoPro Max camera would be “ worth the wait ,” and it has been a long wait since the first model launched in 2019 . Now, it has posted a few promo images of the GoPro Max 2 on Instagram , backing up the claim that this camera will launch in 2025. We don’t have any other details, but it’s a good time to post something before DJI’s first 360-degree camera is fully revealed. Previous Next 1 / 2 News News TikTok’s ‘ban’ problem could end soon with a new app and a sale Richard Lawler Jul 6 Comments Comment Icon Bubble Gaming Gaming How to watch Summer Games Done Quick 2025 Ash Parrish Jul 6 Comments Comment Icon Bubble R Richard Lawler Jul 5 Link Elon Musk says he’s formed a new political party. Apparently following through on his threat to challenge Republicans who supported Donald Trump’s budget bill, Musk tweeted , “Today, the America Party is formed to give you back your freedom.” He also said it will be ready next year -- a “ consistently proven wrong ” theme for Musk. “One way to execute on this would be to laser-focus on just 2 or 3 Senate seats and 8 to 10 House districts,” to hold a deciding vote on “contentious laws,” said Musk on Friday . Screenshot: Elon Musk ( X ) Creators Creators See all Creators Here are the letters that convinced Google and Apple to keep TikTok online Adi Robertson Jul 3 How to watch Summer Games Done Quick 2025 Ash Parrish Jul 6 Comments Comment Icon Bubble TikTok’s ‘ban’ problem could end soon with a new app and a sale Richard Lawler Jul 6 Comments Comment Icon Bubble R Youtube Richard Lawler Jul 5 Link Netflix previews more anime and games that are coming soon. Beyond just the “coming soon” Cyberpunk: Edgerunners 2 , this Anime Expo 2025 teaser from Netflix highlights other animated releases that are either new or continuing, like Sakamoto Days , Beastars , Leviathan , and Splinter Cell: Deathwatch , and the upcoming “cozy MMO,” Spirit Crossing , that’s part of its new plan for games . R Richard Lawler Jul 5 Link Trump’s spending bill includes $85 million to move a Space Shuttle. The H.R.1 spending bill Trump signed Friday that expands mass deportations, cuts social services, and stalls clean energy projects also includes a requirement for a “Space Vehicle Transfer.” The target is Space Shuttle Discovery, which Texas senators are attempting to snatch from the Smithsonian . The Smithsonian estimates moving it could cost more than $300 million, and there’s the small detail that the modified Boeing 747 used to transport the shuttles is no longer available. Previous Next 1 / 41 News News Cyberpunk: Edgerunners 2 will be even sadder and bloodier Richard Lawler Jul 5 Comments Comment Icon Bubble Samsung Samsung Samsung is about to find out if Ultra is enough Allison Johnson Jul 5 Comments Comment Icon Bubble Entertainment Entertainment See all Entertainment Deltarune is halfway done, but it feels like a full game Jay Peters Jul 5 Deerhoof did not want its music ‘funding AI battle tech’ — so it ditched Spotify Elizabeth Lopatto Jul 3 Comments Comment Icon Bubble A guide to the best sci-fi streaming this summer Andrew Webster Jul 3 Comments Comment Icon Bubble Follow topics and authors on stories you like to see related articles here. Or try one of these: DONE Already a Member? Sign In Most Popular Most Popular 1 Specs leak for three Samsung foldables ahead of Wednesday’s Unpacked Dominic Preston Jul 7 2 TikTok’s ‘ban’ problem could end soon with a new app and a sale Richard Lawler Jul 6 3 Samsung is about to find out if Ultra is enough Allison Johnson Jul 5 4 Tesla’s real struggles have only just begun Andrew J. Hawkins Jul 7 5 The Verge’s summer ‘in’ and ‘out’ list Mia Sato Jul 6 Just For You Just For You Tech Tech See all Tech Specs leak for three Samsung foldables ahead of Wednesday’s Unpacked Dominic Preston Jul 7 TikTok’s ‘ban’ problem could end soon with a new app and a sale Richard Lawler Jul 6 Comments Comment Icon Bubble The best Fitbits for your fitness and health Victoria Song Jul 7 Comments Comment Icon Bubble Podcasts Podcasts See all Podcasts 1 How SharkNinja took over the home, with CEO Mark Barrocas Nilay Patel Jul 7 Comments Comment Icon Bubble 2 The movie and TV tech we actually want to use David Pierce Jul 1 Comments Comment Icon Bubble 3 Why Automattic CEO Matt Mullenweg went to war over WordPress Nilay Patel Jun 30 Comments Comment Icon Bubble 4 What Meta and Anthropic really won in court David Pierce Jun 27 Comments Comment Icon Bubble 5 Tesla’s robotaxi reality check David Pierce Jun 24 Comments Comment Icon Bubble Science Science See all Science RFK Jr.’s plan to put ‘AI’ in everything is a disaster Lauren Leffer Jul 3 DJI gets serious about portable power Thomas Ricker Jul 2 Comments Comment Icon Bubble Apple’s 5th Ave store spray-painted to protest ‘climate hypocrisy’ Emma Roth Jul 7 Comments Comment Icon Bubble Creators Creators See all Creators Here are the letters that convinced Google and Apple to keep TikTok online Adi Robertson Jul 3 How to watch Summer Games Done Quick 2025 Ash Parrish Jul 6 Comments Comment Icon Bubble TikTok’s ‘ban’ problem could end soon with a new app and a sale Richard Lawler Jul 6 Comments Comment Icon Bubble Entertainment Entertainment See all Entertainment Deltarune is halfway done, but it feels like a full game Jay Peters Jul 5 Deerhoof did not want its music ‘funding AI battle tech’ — so it ditched Spotify Elizabeth Lopatto Jul 3 Comments Comment Icon Bubble A guide to the best sci-fi streaming this summer Andrew Webster Jul 3 Comments Comment Icon Bubble More Stories The Verge The Verge logo. Facebook Threads Instagram Youtube RSS Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement How We Rate and Review Products Cookie Settings Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status © 2025 Vox Media , LLC. All Rights Reserved