Making government services easier to find | USAGov Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here's how you know Here's how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( Lock Locked padlock icon ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Home Close Search 1-844-USAGOV1 All topics and services The U.S. and its government Complaints Disability services Disasters and emergencies Education Government benefits Health Housing help Immigration and U.S. citizenship Jobs, labor laws and unemployment Laws and legal issues Military and veterans Money and credit Scams and fraud Small business Taxes Travel Voting and elections Life events About USAGov Español Menu Call us at 1-844-USAGOV1 Search All topics and services The U.S. and its government Government benefits Immigration and U.S. citizenship Money and credit Taxes Travel Making government services easier to find USA.gov helps you locate and understand government benefits, programs, and information. How do I ... Get or renew a passport Find unclaimed money Find how to get a REAL ID File for unemployment benefits Jump to all topics and services Government benefits and financial assistance Discover government benefits that you may be eligible for and learn how to apply. Find benefits All topics and services The U.S. and its government Learn about U.S. laws, history, and more. Buy government property. Contact elected officials and federal agencies. Complaints File complaints involving government agencies, telemarketers, products and services, travel, housing, and banking. Disability services Find government benefits and programs for people with disabilities and their families. Disasters and emergencies Learn about disaster assistance and find government benefits for other emergencies. Education Learn about Federal Student Aid and studying in the U.S. Find early intervention, special education, and Head Start programs. Government benefits Find government programs that may help pay for food, housing, health care, and more. Health Get information about health insurance, various health conditions, and help with medical bills. Housing help Learn about rental and buyer assistance programs. Find emergency housing and avoid eviction. Immigration and U.S. citizenship Learn about U.S. residency, Green Cards, citizenship requirements, and related issues. Jobs, labor laws, and unemployment Get resources for finding a job. Learn about unemployment insurance and important labor laws. Laws and legal issues Learn how to replace vital records, get child support enforcement, find legal help, and more. Military and veterans Learn how to join the military and find benefits and services as a member or veteran. Money and credit Find government grants, loans, and unclaimed money. Learn about taxes. Get credit reports and scores. Scams and fraud Report a scam and get help. And learn about identity theft and social security scams. Small business Learn how to start your own business, including imports and exports. Taxes Learn about filing federal income tax. Find out how to pay, how to check your refund, and more. Travel Learn about passports, travel documents for minors, and travel to, from, and within the U.S. Voting and elections Find out how to register to vote, where your voting location is, how presidential elections work, and more about voting in the United States. Life events Discover government benefits and services to help you and your family through every stage of life. Top Government information All topics and services Directory of U.S. government agencies and departments Branches of government About us About USAGov Privacy and security policies Accessibility policy Report a website issue Website usage data For federal agencies Partner with us Read our blog For media USAGov Outreach Feature articles USAGov Contact Center Ask USA.gov a question at 1-844-USAGOV1 (1-844-872-4681) USAGov is the official guide to government information and services An official website of the U.S. General Services Administration GSA accessibility support GSA privacy policy FOIA requests