USAJOBS - The Federal Government's official employment site Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( Lock A locked padlock ) or https:// means you've safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. MENU Events Help Center Search Find your federal government job Keywords Location or Remote Search Search tips Find your perfect job with the Career Explorer Shape America's future Save your favorite jobs and searches Upload your resumes and documents Make your resume searchable Apply for jobs in the federal government Create profile or Sign in Just starting out in your career? Start here. As the largest employer in the U.S., the federal government has a variety of career fields to suit your skills and interests. Visit Early careers for guides, programs and opportunities to help you launch a rewarding career in the federal government. Explore career fields that are hiring now. The government is looking to fill positions that are in high demand. Find your opportunity to shape America's future. Mathematics Actuary Computer science Mathematics Mathematical statistics Statistics Engineering Civil General Mechanical Human resources Human resources management Business, industry and programs Acquisitions and contracting Finance Auditing Other National Security STEM Social Science Economist Medical, dental and public health Nurse Science Chemistry Fishery biologist General natural resources management and biological sciences General physical science Health physics Physics Technology AI portal Federal tech portal Information technology management Cyber Cross-functional positions Cybersecurity Cyber effects Information technology Intel Other cyber opportunities Learn more about the federal hiring process. Below is an overview of the federal hiring process. This process is in place to make sure all applicants receive fair and equal opportunity. USAJOBS Create a USAJOBS profile First, create and complete your profile to apply for any job on USAJOBS. With a USAJOBS profile, you can save jobs, automate job searches, and manage everything you need to complete your application, including resumes and required documents. Search for jobs Once you create your profile, you can search for jobs. It's best to sign into your profile before searching. Why? We can use your information to improve your job search results. You can also use filters such as location, salary, work schedule or agency to narrow your results. Review the job announcement If you find a job you're interested in, read the entire announcement to determine if you're eligible and meet the qualifications. It's important to read the announcement because there are required qualifications you must meet and include in your application. Prepare your application in USAJOBS Read the How to Apply section of the job announcement before starting your application. Click Apply , and we'll walk you through a five-step process where you'll attach a resume and any required documents. During the application process, you can review, edit and delete your information. We'll automatically save your progress as you go so that you won't lose any changes. Submit application to the agency When your application is ready, you'll be directed from USAJOBS to the hiring agency's system to submit your application. Before you submit, you may need to complete other agency-required steps such as a questionnaire or uploading additional documents. The time it takes to submit depends on the job you are applying for and the hiring agency's requirements. You can check your application using the Track This Application link in your USAJOBS profile or contact the hiring agency listed on the job announcement. Transition to agency Agency reviews application The hiring agency begins reviewing applications when the job announcement closes. The hiring agency will review your application to make sure you're eligible and meet the qualifications for the position. The hiring agency will place applicants into quality categories. Those placed in the highest category are sent to the hiring official. Interview The hiring official will review the highest qualified applications and select applicants to interview based on agency policy. The hiring agency will contact applicants directly to schedule interviews. You may be interviewed by a panel, in-person, video or phone interview, and there may be more than one interview round. For example, an applicant may have a phone interview and then an in-person interview. Scheduling an interview may take some time, depending on the number of applicants to interview. Agency selects candidates After all interviews are completed, the agency will select a candidate(s) and contact them to start the job offer process. For those not selected, the hiring agency will update the job's status to Hiring Complete . What jobs can you apply for? Hiring paths help you understand what jobs you are eligible to apply for and why. You may fall under multiple hiring paths. Open to public Students Federal employees Veterans Learn about all hiring paths Explore unique careers with the government National security and foreign policy jobs Find jobs in the national security and foreign policy at agencies and departments across the government. Search now Intelligence careers Help keep our nation's leaders informed, protect our country from outside threats and develop the technology necessary to solve the national security issues of tomorrow. Learn more Apply now View more career fields Events Aug 05, 2025 Northeast In-Person Federal Resume Workshop at FCC Allenwood! Allenwood, PA Hosted by Justice, Bureau of Prisons/Federal Prison System More information Aug 26, 2025 San Joaquin Delta College Public Safety Career Fair Stockton, CA Hosted by Non-DOD And Other Support More information Sep 02, 2025 San Joaquin Delta College Public Safety Career Fair Stockton, CA Hosted by Non-DOD And Other Support More information View more events Help Center Learn about how to complete tasks, FAQs, and working in the government. Get Started Learn how to find the right federal job and apply with USAJOBS.gov tools and resources. Your session is about to expire! Your USAJOBS session will expire due to inactivity in 8 minutes .
        Any unsaved data will be lost if you allow the session to expire.
        Click the button below to continue your session. Sign out Stay signed in Return to top USAJOBS is a Opens in a new window United States Office of Personnel Management website. (Opens in a new window) OPM on LinkedIn (Opens in a new window) OPM YouTube channel Opens in a new window About USAJOBS Opens in a new window Accessibility Opens in a new window FOIA Opens in a new window Inspector general Opens in a new window No Fear Act Data Opens in a new window Privacy policy Opens in a new window Reports and publications Opens in a new window Terms and conditions Opens in a new window USA.gov Opens in a new window Vote.gov