Product CREATION Website design Create your site with intuitive design features. Website templates Choose from 900+ website templates. AI website builder Create your site in no time with AI. BUSINESS eCommerce Run & grow your eCommerce website. Scheduling Manage appointments, staff & clients. Restaurant Manage your menus, orders, and reservations. Blog Share ideas & grow your traffic. Portfolio Showcase your work with an online portfolio. ESSENTIALS Domain names Buy & register a domain for your website. Web hosting Get secure & reliable website hosting. Website security Get enterprise-grade security for your site. Solutions MANAGEMENT Payment solutions Accept & manage payments online. Mobile app Run your business on the go from your mobile. All business features Explore all business management features. CRM system Build & manage customer relationships. Website analytics Get reports with actionable data & insights. GROWTH Email marketing Create email marketing campaigns. SEO tools Optimize your website for search engines. All marketing features Explore all growth and marketing features. WIX STUDIO Agencies & freelancers Deliver exceptional client websites at scale. Developers Build sites & apps and offer dev services. Enterprise Discover solutions for large-scale businesses. Resources EXPLORE Wix Blog Read the latest industry tips and trends. AI features Discover all the ways to create and grow with AI. Web design inspiration Explore designs by other Wix users. SUPPORT Help Center Find the answers and support you need. Hire a professional Get expert help with your site & business. TOOLS Logo Maker Create a custom logo for your brand. Business Name Generator Get name ideas for your business. Free business tools Explore tools to help you run & grow your business. FEATURED ARTICLE Learn how to create a website → Pricing Wixel Wix Studio Enterprise top of page Create a website without limits Bring your vision to life with the website builder that gives you the tools you need to succeed. Get Started Get Started Start for free. No credit card required. Create your site in minutes with our AI website builder Describe what you want and get a unique, business-ready website tailored just for you. Get Started Or start from a designer-made template Pick from 900+ free website templates , fully customizable and tailored to any business type. Get Started View View Template Open template eCommerce View View Template Open template Portfolio View View Template Open template Business View View Template Open template Blog View View Template Open template Restaurant View View Template Open template Nonprofit Customize to make it your own Intuitive drag and drop Effortlessly add and arrange your text, visuals, buttons and even entire sections. Open Built-in AI tools Generate and edit custom images, text, sections, layouts and more in no time. Open Advanced design features Make your site stand out with scroll effects, animations and interactions—no code needed. Open Get Started Add anything you need for your business as you go Get Started eCommerce Open Sell online and manage orders, shipping and more in one place. Learn more Scheduling Open Offer services, accept bookings, get paid and manage your staff. Learn more Portfolio Open Showcase your work and attract new clients with an online portfolio . Learn more Blog Open Create a blog to grow your community and drive more traffic. Learn more Online courses Open Create, promote and sell courses and coaching programs. Learn more Events Open Sell tickets, manage RSVPs and promote online or in-person events. Learn more Make your website official with your own domain name Search Search Get a custom domain free for one year with the initial purchase of an annual Premium plan . Market your site from launch to scale Get Started SEO tools and guidance Open SEO tools and guidance Optimize your website to get found on search engines like Google. Google, Facebook and Instagram ads Open Google, Facebook and Instagram ads Run Google and Facebook ads directly from your dashboard. Social media marketing Open Social media marketing Create and share social media posts across multiple platforms. AI-generated email marketing Open AI-generated email marketing Use AI to create automated email marketing campaigns. Run your business from one dashboard Payments Click Accept payments , send invoices and track it all with ease. CRM solution Click Attract leads and engage with customers with a full CRM suite. Custom automations Click Work smarter and save time with automated emails, reminders and more. Data & analytics Click Get in-depth data insights and reports to help you make smart decisions. Mobile app Click Manage your day-to-day from anywhere with the Wix mobile app. Get Started Grow your website on a rock-solid foundation Set your site up for success on the powerful infrastructure that supports millions of websites worldwide. Get Started Engineered for top speed Wix sites are designed to ensure fast loading times. Designed for accessibility Build an inclusive site that everyone can interact with. Secured by industry experts Get enterprise-grade security against threats for you and your visitors. Built with reliability in mind Multi-cloud hosting ensures 99.99% uptime, even during traffic spikes. How to create a website for free Follow these 7 simple steps to create a website today. Get Started Learn more Pick a platform. Sign up for a secure and reliable free website builder like Wix . Plan out your website. Map out your goals, site structure and who your audience is. ​ Start creating. Choose from 900+ free templates or use the AI website builder. Customize your website. Use the drag and drop editor and tailor your site to fit your brand. Optimize for search engines. Increase your site’s visibility with a suite of built-in SEO tools. Publish your website. Register and connect a custom domain name and go live. Promote and drive traffic. Use built-in marketing tools to grow and expand your reach. Thriving with Wix Scandinazn Cherry and Mint Briony Douglas MILK+T Freya Simonne Kangaroo LemonTree + Co. Nature Cards BUILT TO SEND EatKinda Creepy Book Club Get inspired, gain new skills and see what’s trending Explore the Blog How to design a website (step-by-step guide) How to design a website (step-by-step guide) How to monetize your website in 15 actionable steps How to monetize your website in 15 actionable steps 18 outstanding Wix website examples that will inspire you 18 outstanding Wix website examples that will inspire you Made on Wix Explore Sites View Website View Website View Website View Website View Website View Website View Website View Website We’re here for you 24/7 Get answers Watch tutorials and read detailed articles in the Wix Help Center. Get answers Contact us Get support by chat or schedule a call with a Customer Care Expert. Contact us Hire a pro Get help at any stage—from site creation to online growth. Hire a pro Website builder FAQ Is it easy to build a website? Show more Yes. Wix offers a few different ways to create your own free website, so you can choose the creation process that works best for you. Pick from 900+ designer-made templates, or use our AI website builder to create a business-ready site in no time using a conversational interface. You can also start from scratch using Wix’s drag and drop website builder . Whichever way you choose, you can always continue customizing in the Editor for total website design freedom. How do I create a website? Show more Here’s how to create your own website in 6 steps: 1. Plan your website. First, think about the type of site you’re creating and your target audience. With that in mind, you can start mapping out the pages you want to incorporate like the “About” and “Contact” pages, perhaps a blog or a photo gallery, and a page for products or services. 2. Build with AI or choose a template. Chat with our AI website builder about your business and preferences to instantly get a fully functional and customizable website built for you. You can also start by choosing from a variety of templates, all professionally designed with the best site practices in mind. 3. Customize your website. Whether you start with AI or a template, you can use our intuitive drag and drop editor to customize your site to match your brand. Your site will also be optimized for mobile, but in the editor you have the option to make changes and customize your site’s mobile view. 4. Get a domain name. When trying to come up with the perfect domain name, you can use Wix to search and register available names, or connect an existing one to your new site. 5. Optimize for search engines. Use a suite of advanced SEO tools to help you optimize your site and increase organic traffic. 6. Publish and promote your website. Once you’re happy with your site, you’re ready to hit ‘publish’ and start gaining traffic. Now’s the time to promote your site with built-in marketing tools and streamline your customer management processes with a smart CRM system. By following these steps, you'll be able to build a powerful online presence that drives business growth. How do I choose the best website builder? Show more The best website builder is one that will support your specific needs and business goals. As you research which builder is right for you, here are some important factors to consider: Ease of use: Look for a website maker with an intuitive interface. Using a drag and drop editor that includes AI tools can simplify the web design process and make it more efficient. Website templates: Look for a platform that offers a large selection of customizable templates tailored to a variety of industries and business types. Business solutions: Some website builders include built-in solutions to help you manage and grow your business seamlessly like eCommerce, scheduling, marketing tools and more. Security: It’s important that the website builder you choose offers reliable web hosting with data encryption to protect your and your users’ data. Customer support: Reliable support is crucial. Check what support options your website builder provides, and make sure you’ll be able to get the help you need 24/7. Wix fulfills all these requirements, giving you the tools you need to create a website and confidently run and grow your business all in one place. What types of websites can you build on Wix? Show more With our free website builder, you can create any kind of website you want, including: Business sites - No matter what your industry, build and grow your professional presence online. Online stores - Sell products, offer subscriptions and create marketing campaigns with an all-in-one eComm solution. Blogs - Let the world know what’s on your mind with an easy-to-manage blog. Portfolios - Showcase your work with beautiful visuals and custom layouts. Restaurants - Take reservations, display your menu and run your whole ordering system from a single place. Enterprise corporations - Get started with multi-site management, super-efficient site creation and everything else a big business needs. What makes a good website? Show more A good website blends beautiful design, fresh engaging content and intuitive navigation to get your visitors to take action. Take these tips into account when creating your site: Know your audience . Provide content that matches your visitors’ interests and answers questions they might search for online. That way, they’ll find your site easily and want to stick around. Use calls to action to guide your visitors toward the next steps you want them to take. Keep it clear and focused. A good website has a clear purpose, and its form and function should reflect that. Structure your content so visitors can quickly find what they need—focus each page on a single message, and make sure your voice is consistent throughout. Encourage engagement on all devices. Use attractive layouts and ensure buttons and links are easy to use, so visitors can seamlessly explore and interact with your site on both desktop and mobile. For more tips on how to make a good website, check out our blog. How long does it take to build a website? Show more The amount of time it takes to build a website is now quicker than ever thanks to technological advancements in the field. In fact, you can build a functional and professional looking website in a matter of hours on a platform like Wix. To make the process even faster, you can chat with Wix’s AI website creator about the kind of site you want and you’ll have a draft of your website ready in minutes. Then you can customize it to make it your own with the drag and drop editor. How much does it cost to build a website? Show more The cost of building a website varies depending on the features you need and whether you opt to build it yourself with a website builder or pay a developer to build it for you. On a website builder such as Wix, you can build as many websites as you want for free, however, you’ll have to upgrade to a Premium plan to connect a custom domain and get advanced business features. The cost of creating a website may be significantly higher if you don’t opt for an all-inclusive platform like Wix. Can I create a website without knowing how to code? Show more Absolutely. Wix is an intuitive HTML website builder that makes it possible to create a high-quality website without knowing how to code. In the Wix Editor, you can drag and drop any feature you want and customize it to match the look and feel of your site. Of course, you have the option to add advanced functionality with code as well. Should I use a website builder or hire a developer? Show more Wix’s no-code website builder is intuitive to use and will cost you significantly less than hiring a developer. However, if you are looking for expert help, you can hire a freelance web developer through the Wix Marketplace at a cost that suits your budget. Does my free website come with hosting? Show more When you create a website with Wix, you not only get reliable, scalable multi-cloud web hosting that ensures 99.98% uptime, but also automatic disaster recovery and worldwide CDN coverage. Your site also comes with 2 layers of DDoS protection against potential vulnerabilities. Plus, with 24/7 security monitoring and HTTPS and SSL protection, your website is always safe and secure—giving you peace of mind. How can I connect a domain to my website? Show more When you create a free website with Wix, it comes with a Wixsite domain name built in (i.e., mysite.wixsite.com). To instantly look more professional, boost your credibility and help visitors find you online, you can also get a new custom domain name , which comes free for a year with the initial purchase of an annual Premium plan. You can choose from a list of domain extensions , such as .com, .net, .org and many more to find the one that’s just right for your site. If you already own a domain name, you can always connect or transfer it to your Wix site. How can I optimize my site for SEO on Wix? Show more All Wix sites are designed with SEO best practices in mind and come with a suite of built-in SEO tools and guidance to give you everything you need to take on SEO confidently. Customize your SEO settings, use AI to generate meta tags and descriptions, get instant homepage indexing and more. In addition, your site comes with an SEO assistant that analyzes your pages and gives recommendations on ways to improve your search performance. You’ll also get key integrations like Google Search Console and Semrush, to help you compete in organic search. Check out this Google case study for more on Wix SEO . Can I use 3rd party apps with my website? Show more Yes, there are hundreds of Wix-made and 3rd party integrations available through your dashboard and the Wix App Market . These apps integrate seamlessly with your site and can help you with website creation, business management, marketing and so much more. Popular integrations include Google Analytics, Facebook Pixel and Zapier, just to name a few. How can I design a logo for my website? Show more You can design your own professional logo for free with the Wix Logo Maker .  Answer a few questions about your brand, choose a logo style, then customize its fonts, colors, icons and more to make it your own. Once you're happy with the logo, you can download a free sample or buy high-resolution files for full ownership to use across your website, social media and marketing materials. Your vision. Your goals. Your website. Get Started Created with Wix Get Started bottom of page The Wix website builder offers a complete solution from enterprise-grade infrastructure and business features to advanced SEO and marketing tools–enabling anyone to create and grow online. About Contact Us Product Website Templates Website Builder Website Design Wix Features App Market Web Hosting Domain Names Website Accessibility Mobile App Builder Solutions Online Store Online Booking Restaurant Website Blog Website Portfolio Website eCommerce Website Wix Studio Enterprise Solutions Student Website Professional Tools Logo Maker Learn Wix Blog Privacy and Security Hub SEO Learning Hub Wix Encyclopedia Support Help Center Hire a Professional Report Abuse System Status Company Press & Media Investor Relations Wix Capital Accessibility Statement Patent Notice Sitemap Careers Terms of Use Privacy Policy © 2006-2025 Wix.com, Inc