Yale University Skip to Main Content It looks like you're trying to zoom in on this page. For best results: use the most recent version of your browser, disable your browser's 'zoom text only' setting, and use your browser's default font size settings. To zoom in, use [Ctrl] + [+] in Windows, and [Cmd] + [+] on a Mac. To zoom out, use the keyboard shortcut [Ctrl] + [-] in Windows and [Cmd] + [-] on a Mac. Yale University Secondary Navigation Calendars Give News Directories Search Navigation Info for... Students Faculty Staff Alumni Go Main Navigation About Yale Leadership & Organization Yale Facts Traditions & History Centers & Institutes Yale & the World Visiting Academics Undergraduate Study Graduate & Professional Study Departments & Programs Global Education Summer Session Non-Degree Offerings Online Learning Admissions Undergraduate Graduate & Professional Schools Financial Aid International Students Summer Session Non-Degree Seeking Students World Fellows Program Life at Yale Arts & Culture Athletics & Recreation Health & Wellness New Haven Residential Life Service Student Groups & Activities Virtual Yale Collections LUX: Yale Collections Discovery Museums and Libraries Research Search The Feature Archive It’s better by the lake LAKE LIFE Beat the heat at the Outdoor Education Center, where Yale community members and their guests can picnic, paddleboard, swim, hike, fish, and more. Just don’t forget the sunscreen! JUMP IN, THE WATER’S FINE The Feature Archive The Feature Archive HAZY DAYS OF SUMMER Previous Next Previous Next Salsa under the stars DANCE THE NIGHT AWAY Or turn up the heat with this electrifying free outdoor dance experience you won’t want to miss. No partner or experience needed. For weekend getaways and weekend guests: This packed itinerary showcases some of the city’s best in history, culture, and cuisine. IN THE LOOP Emerging Artist series NORFOLK CHAMBER MUSIC FESTIVAL Mark your calendars: The extraordinary Norfolk Fellows bring their talent and enthusiasm to the idyllic Music Shed stage in July and August. The latest from Yale News Are mitochondria the key to a healthy brain? July 1, 2025 Explore More News Alumni Arts & Humanities Business Campus & Community Environment Health & Medicine International Law Science & Technology Social Sciences In Focus Go Humanitas: Braided art, a new interdisciplinary certificate, and a space for local artists July 3, 2025 ‘Great Immigrants, Great Americans’ award honors Yale’s Natarajan and Iwasaki July 1, 2025 Everglades ecosystems show mixed reactions to rising sea levels June 30, 2025 Advancing kidney cancer treatment June 12, 2025 The Parts That Make Yale Whole A closer look for the curious Explore by topic Everything Academics Collections Discoveries Experiences Places Select a value to change the carousel content. or Shuffle Activate to randomize the carousel content. Explore by topic Everything Academics Collections Discoveries Experiences Places or Shuffle Athletics Meet the teams Yale Online EXPLORE MORE EXPERIENCES Yale Repertory Theatre The renowned professional theatre-in-residence at the David Geffen School of Drama, championing new work by emerging and established playwrights LEARN MORE Yale Repertory Theatre LEARN MORE Yale Divinity School Explore the school Yale Jackson School of Global Affairs EXPLORE JACKSON Intramurals Learn more Salamander’s genome may harbor secrets of regeneration Learn more Directed Studies LEARN MORE Collections The Beauclerk cabinet This ebony and gold cabinet features 17 rare original drawings by Lady Diana Beauclerc, medallions studded with precious stones, and Horace Walpole's arms and crest. Explore the collection Explore the library Info for Visiting Yale Campus Tours Maps & Directions Yale Visitor Center Museums & Libraries New Haven More Visit Resources Helpful Links Contact Us COVID-19 Info Careers Emergency Info Privacy Policy Public Safety Accessibility at Yale Yale West Campus Yale Status Board Visiting Yale Campus Tours Maps & Directions Yale Visitor Center Museums & Libraries New Haven More Visit Resources Equal Opportunity and Nondiscrimination at Yale University: The university is committed to basing judgments concerning the admission, education, and employment of individuals upon their qualifications and abilities and seeks to attract to its faculty, staff, and student body qualified persons from a broad range of backgrounds and perspectives. In accordance with this policy and as delineated by federal and Connecticut law, Yale does not discriminate in admissions, educational programs, or employment against any individual on account of that individual’s sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, race, color, national or ethnic origin, religion, age, disability, status as a special disabled veteran, veteran of the Vietnam era or other covered veteran. Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 protects people from sex discrimination in educational programs and activities at institutions that receive federal financial assistance. Inquiries concerning this policy may be referred to the Office of Institutional Equity & Accessibility . Inquiries may also be made to the U.S. Department of Education, Office for Civil Rights, OCR.DC@ed.gov . See Yale’s full Equal Opportunity & Nondiscrimination Statement . Yale on Instagram Social Links Facebook YouTube Sina Weibo All Social Media Copyright © 2025 Yale University All Rights Reserved Contact Web Editor Back to top Yale University Search Navigation Main Navigation About Yale Academics Admissions Life at Yale Collections Research Secondary Navigation Calendars Give News Directories Gateway Navigation Students Faculty Staff Alumni